Euclid Plan

To prove all 13 books of Euclid’s elements first the verification engine must be polished and run perfectly. This can be verified by passing through all the proofs from book 1 to start with and then each subsequent book. Instead of writing each of the proofs by hand it is easier to instead write a proof writing tool that will be used to write all of the proofs algorithmically, which will also ensure that they are written strictly correctly and in accordance with the formal system E. 

The implementation of system H and T becomes excessive and extra since it does not add any substance to the proof writing. Making E the primary system and removing Hilbert’s system and Tarski’s system will give the software a more straightforward approach. Since this is foundational this step should be done very first since it will help with polishing the verifier. 

To summarize:
Remove systems T and H from the UI (glossary tab, and buttons in the proof journal), remove the feature set from the verifier and from any other dependencies. Any code which is integral to the verifier should stay or be reworked if possible.
Polish the verifier – chicken and egg problem – need written proofs to make verifier work correctly but need verifier to work correctly to make proofs. This can be solved by making a small set of fundamental propositions that test for all the features that are needed to fully polish the verifier. Negative testing and edge case testing should also be implemented to check for false rule application, improper citation usage, or other strange occurrences. If there is any code which references systems T or H which are not integral to the app, revert to step 1.
Once verifier is running very smoothly proof writing tools should be developed to be capable of generating formal proof based off the verifier for the first book of the elements. The generator should be constructed with the notion in mind that the other 12 books will be added to the software, and adding new features axioms and propositions from those books should be simple. If the verifier does not run smoothly or runs into glaring issues revert to step 2.
The proofs should be verified by putting them into the verifier UI method to make sure there are no inconsistencies with the UI and verification / proof integration. If this step fails step 3 should be reworked to generate proof that pass correctly, or the UI integration should be reworked.
I will manually check all proofs in book 1 and see if I encounter any issues that you may have missed.
