THE REVIEW OF SYMBOLIC LOGIC
Volume 2, Number 4, December 2009
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
JEREMY AVIGAD
Department of Philosophy and Department of Mathematical Sciences,
Carnegie Mellon University
EDWARD DEAN
Department of Philosophy, Carnegie Mellon University
JOHN MUMMA
Division of Logic, Methodology, and Philosophy of Science,
Suppes Center for History and Philosophy of Science
Abstract.
We present a formal system, E, which provides a faithful model of the proofs in
Euclid’s Elements, including the use of diagrammatic reasoning.
§1. Introduction.
For more than two millennia, Euclid’s Elements was viewed by
mathematicians and philosophers alike as a paradigm of rigorous argumentation. But the
work lost some of its lofty status in the nineteenth century, amidst concerns related to
the use of diagrams in its proofs. Recognizing the correctness of Euclid’s inferences was
thought to require an “intuitive” use of these diagrams, whereas, in a proper mathemat-
ical argument, every assumption should be spelled out explicitly. Moreover, there is the
question as to how an argument that relies on a single diagram can serve to justify a
general mathematical claim: any triangle one draws will, for example, be either acute,
right, or obtuse, leaving the same intuitive faculty burdened with the task of ensuring that
the argument is equally valid for all triangles.1 Such a reliance on intuition was therefore
felt to fall short of delivering mathematical certainty.
Without denying the importance of the Elements, by the end of the nineteenth century the
common attitude among mathematicians and philosophers was that the appropriate logical
analysis of geometric inference should be cast in terms of axioms and rules of inference.
This view was neatly summed up by Leibniz more than two centuries earlier:
...it is not the ﬁgures which furnish the proof with geometers, though
the style of the exposition may make you think so. The force of the
demonstration is independent of the ﬁgure drawn, which is drawn only
to facilitate the knowledge of our meaning, and to ﬁx the attention; it
is the universal propositions, i.e. the deﬁnitions, axioms, and theorems
Received: May 8, 2009
1 The question was raised by early modern philosophers from Berkeley (1734, Section 16) to
Kant (1998, A716/B744). See Friedman (1985); Goodwin (2003); Mumma (2008); Shabel (2003,
2004, 2006) for discussions of the philosophical concerns.
c⃝Association for Symbolic Logic, 2009
700
doi:10.1017/S1755020309990098
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
701
already demonstrated, which make the reasoning, and which would sus-
tain it though the ﬁgure were not there. (Leibniz, 1949, p. 403)
This attitude gave rise to informal axiomatizations by Pasch (1882), Peano (1889), and
Hilbert (1899) in the late nineteenth century, and Tarski’s (1959) formal axiomatization in
the twentieth.
Proofs in these axiomatic systems, however, do not look much like proofs in the
Elements. Moreover, the modern attitude belies the fact that for over 2000 years Euclidean
geometry was a remarkably stable practice. On the consensus view, the logical gaps in
Euclid’s presentation should have resulted in vagueness or ambiguity as to the admissible
rules of inference. But, in practice, they did not; mathematicians through the ages and
across cultures could read, write, and communicate Euclidean proofs without getting
bogged down in questions of correctness. So, even if one accepts the consensus view, it is
still reasonable to seek some sort of explanation of the success of the practice.
Our goal here is to provide a detailed analysis of the methods of inference that are
employed in the Elements. We show, in particular, that the use of diagrams in a Euclidean
proof is not soft and fuzzy, but controlled and systematic, and governed by a discernible
logic. This provides a sense in which Euclid’s methods are more rigorous than the modern
attitude suggests.
Our study draws on an analysis of Euclidean reasoning due to Manders (2008b), who
distinguished between two types of assertions that are made of the geometric conﬁgurations
arising in Euclid’s proofs. The ﬁrst type of assertion describes general topological proper-
ties of the conﬁguration, such as incidence of points and lines, intersections, the relative
position of points along a line, or inclusions of angles. Manders called these coexact
attributions, since they are stable under perturbations of the diagram; below, we use the
term “diagrammatic assertions” instead. The second type includes things like congruence
of segments and angles, and comparisons between linear or angular magnitudes. Manders
called these exact attributions, because they are not stable under small variations, and
hence may not be adequately represented in a ﬁgure that is roughly drawn. Below, we
use the term “metric assertions” instead. Inspecting the proofs in the Elements, Manders
observed that the diagrams are only used to record and infer coexact claims; exact claims
are always made explicit in the text. For example, one might infer from the diagram that
a point lies between two others on a line, but one would never infer the congruence of
two segments without justifying the conclusion in the text. Similarly, one cannot generally
infer, from inspecting two angles in a diagram, that one is larger than the other; but one
can draw this conclusion if the diagram “shows” that the ﬁrst is properly contained in the
second.
Below, we present a formal axiomatic system, E, which spells out precisely what
inferences can be “read off” from the diagram. Our work builds on Mumma’s (2006) PhD
thesis, which developed such a diagram-based system, which he called Eu. In Mumma’s
system, diagrams are bona ﬁde objects, which are introduced in the course of a proof and
serve to license inferences. Mumma’s diagrams are represented by geometric objects on
a ﬁnite coordinate grid. However, Mumma introduced a notion of “equivalent diagrams”
to explain how one can apply a theorem derived from a different diagram that nonetheless
bears the same diagrammatic information. Introducing an equivalence relation in this
way suggests that, from a logical perspective, what is really relevant to the proof is the
equivalence class of all the diagrams that bear the same information. We have thus chosen
a more abstract route, whereby we identify the “diagram” with the coexact information that
the physical drawing is supposed to bear. Miller’s (2008) PhD dissertation provides another
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
702
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
formal system for diagrammatic reasoning, along these lines, employing “diagrams” that
are graph theoretic objects subject to certain combinatorial constraints.
Both Mumma and Miller address the issue of how reasoning based on a particular
diagram can secure general conclusions, though they do so in different ways. In Miller’s
system, when a construction can result in topologically distinct diagrammatic conﬁgura-
tions, one is required to consider all the cases, and show that the desired conclusion is
warranted in each. In contrast, Mumma stipulated general rules, based on the particulars of
the construction, that must be followed to ensure that the facts read off from the particular
diagram are generally valid. Our formulation of E derives from this latter approach, which,
we argue below, is more faithful to Euclidean practice.
Moreover, we show that our proof system is sound and complete for a standard semantics
of “ruler-and-compass constructions,” expressed in modern terms. Thus, our presentation
of E is accompanied by both philosophical and mathematical claims: on the one hand, we
claim that our formal system accurately models many of the key methodological features
that are characteristic of the proofs found in Books I through IV of the Elements; and, on
the other hand, we claim that it is sound and complete for the appropriate semantics.
The outline of this paper is as follows. In Section 2, we begin with an informal discussion
of proofs in the Elements, calling attention to the particular features that we are trying to
model. In Section 3, we describe the formal system, E, and specify its language and
rules of inference. In Section 4, we justify the claim that our system provides a faithful
model of the proofs in the Elements, calling attention to points of departure as well as
points of agreement. In Section 5, we show that our formal system is sound and complete
with respect to ruler-and-compass constructions. In Section 6, we discuss ways in which
contemporary methods of automated reasoning can be used to implement a proof checker
that can mechanically verify proofs in our system. Finally, in Section 7, we summarize our
ﬁndings, and indicate some questions and issues that are not addressed in our work.
§2. Characterizing the Elements.
In this section, we clarify the claim that our formal
system is more faithful to the Elements than other axiomatic systems, by describing the
features of the Elements that we take to be salient.
2.1. Examples of proofs in the Elements.
To support our discussion, it will be helpful
to have two examples of Euclidean proofs at hand.
PROPOSITION I.10. To bisect a given ﬁnite straight line.
Proof. Let ab be the given ﬁnite straight line.
It is required to bisect the ﬁnite straight line ab.
Let the equilateral triangle abc be constructed on it [I.1], and let the angle acb be bisected
by the straight line cd. [I.9]
I say that the straight line ab is bisected at the point d.
For, since ac is equal to cb, and cd is common, the two sides ac, cd are equal to the two
sides bc, cd respectively; and the angle acd is equal to the angle bcd; therefore the base
ad is equal to the base bd. [I.4]
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
703
Therefore the given ﬁnite straight line ab has been bisected at d.
Q.E.F.
□
This is Proposition 10 of Book I of the Elements. All our references to the Elements refer to
the Heath translation Euclid (1956), though we have replaced uppercase labels for points
by lowercase labels in the proof, to match the description of our formal system, E.
As is typical in the Elements, the initial statement of the proposition is stated in some-
thing approximating natural language. A more mathematical statement of the proposition
is then given in the opening lines of the proof. The annotations in brackets refer back to
prior propositions, so, for example, the third sentence of the proof refers to Propositions 1
and 9 of Book I. Notice that what it means for a point d to “bisect” the ﬁnite segment ab
can be analyzed into topological and metric components: we expect d to lie on the same
line as a and b, and to lie between a and b on that line; and we expect that the length of the
segment from a to d is equal to the length of the segment from b to d. Only the last part of
the claim is made explicit in the text; the other two facts are implicit in the diagram.
In his ﬁfth century commentary on the ﬁrst book of the Elements, Proclus divided
Euclid’s propositions into two groups: “problems,” which assert that a construction can
be carried out, or a diagram expanded, in a certain way; and “theorems,” which assert that
certain properties are essential to a given diagram (see Euclid, 1956, vol. 1 pp. 124–129
or Morrow, 1970, pp. 63–67). Euclid himself marks the distinction by ending proofs of
problems with the phrase “that which it was required to do” (abbreviated by “Q.E.F.,” for
“quod erat faciendum,” by Heath); and ending proofs of theorems with the phrase “that
which it was required to prove” (abbreviated by “Q.E.D.,” for “quod erat demonstratum”).
Proposition I.10 calls for the construction of a point bisecting the line, and so the proof
ends with “Q.E.F.”
PROPOSITION I.16. In any triangle, if one of the sides be produced, then the exterior
angle is greater than either of the interior and opposite angles.
Proof. Let abc be a triangle, and let one side of it bc be produced to d.
I say that the exterior angle acd is greater than either of the interior and opposite angles
cba, bac.
Let ac be bisected at e [I.10],
and let be be joined and produced in a straight line to f .
Let ef be made equal to be [I.3],
let fc be joined, [Post.1]
and let ac be drawn through to g. [Post.2]
Then, since ae is equal to ec, and be to ef , the two sides ae, eb are equal to the two sides
ce, ef respectively; and the angle aeb is equal to the angle fec, for they are vertical angles.
[I.15]
Therefore the base ab is equal to the base fc, the triangle abe is equal to the triangle cfe,
and the remaining angles equal the remaining angles respectively, namely those which the
equal sides subtend; [I.4]
therefore the angle bae is equal to the angle ecf.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
704
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
But the angle ecd is greater than the angle ecf ; [C.N.5]
therefore the angle acd is greater than the angle bae.
Similarly also, if bc be bisected, the angle bcg, that is, the angle acd [I.15], can be proved
greater than the angle abc as well.
Therefore, and so forth.
Q.E.D.
□
Here, the abbreviation “Post.” in brackets refers to Euclid’s postulates, while the abbrevi-
ation “C.N.” refers to the common notions. Notice that the proposition assumes that the
triangle is nondegenerate. Later on, Euclid will prove the stronger Proposition I.32, which
shows that the exterior angle acd is exactly equal to the sum of the interior and opposite
angles cba and bac. But to do that, he has to develop properties of parallel lines, for which
the current proposition is needed.
In both cases, after stating the theorem, the proofs begin with a construction phrase
(kataskeue), in which new objects are introduced into the diagram. This is followed by the
deduction phase (apodeixis), where the desired conclusions are drawn. The demonstration
phase is, for the most part, devoted toward registering metric information, that is, equalities
and inequalities between various magnitudes. But some of the inferences depend on the
diagrammatic conﬁguration. For example, seeing that angles aeb and fec are equal in the
second proof requires checking the diagram to see that they are vertical angles. Similarly,
seeing that ecd is greater than ecf is warranted by Common Notion 5, “the whole is
greater than the part,” requires checking the diagram to conﬁrm that ecf is indeed contained
in ecd.
2.2. The use of diagrams.
The most salient feature of the Elements is the fact that
diagrams play a role in the arguments. But what, exactly, does this mean?
Our ﬁrst observation is that whatever role the diagram plays, it is inessential to the
communication of the proof. In fact, data on the early history of the text of the Elements
are meager, and there is no chain linking our contemporary diagrams with the ones that
Euclid actually drew; it is likely that, over the years, diagrams were often reconstructed
from the text (see Netz, 1999). But a simple experiment offers more direct support for our
claim. If you cover up the diagrams and reread the proofs in the last section, you will ﬁnd
that it is not difﬁcult to reconstruct the diagram. Occasionally, important details are only
represented in the diagram and not the text; for example, in the proof of Proposition I.10,
the text does not indicate that d is supposed to mark the intersection of the angle bisector
and the opposite side of the triangle. But there is no reason why it could not; for example,
we could replace the second sentence with the following one:
Let the equilateral triangle abc be constructed on it, let the angle acb be
bisected by the straight line L, and let d be the intersection of L and ab.
The fact that minor changes like this render it straightforward to construct an adequate
diagram suggests that the relevant information can easily be borne by the text.
But, to continue the experiment, try reading these proofs, or any of Euclid’s proofs,
without the diagram, and without drawing a diagram. You will likely ﬁnding yourself trying
to imagine the diagram, to “see” that the ensuing diagrammatic claims are justiﬁed. So even
if, in some sense, the text-based version of the proof is self-contained, there is something
about the proof, and the tasks we need to perform to understand the proof, that makes it
“diagrammatic.”
To make the point clear, consider the following example:
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
705
Let L be a line. Let a and b be points on L, and let c be between a and b.
Let d be between a and c, and let e be between c and b. Is d necessarily
between a and e?
Once again, it is hard to make sense of the question without drawing a diagram or
picturing the situation in your mind’s eye; but doing so should easily convince you that
the answer is “yes.” With the diagram in place, there is nothing more that needs to be said.
The inference is immediate, whether or not we are able to cite the axioms governing the
betweenness predicate that would be used to justify the assertion in an axiomatic proof
system.
A central goal of this paper is to analyze and describe these fundamental diagrammatic
inferences. In doing so, we do not attempt to explain why it is easier for us to verify
these inferences with a physical diagram before us, nor do we attempt to explain the social
or historical factors that made such inferences basic to the Elements. In other words, in
analyzing the Elements, we adopt a methodological stance which focuses on the logical
structure of the proofs while screening off other important issues. We return to a discussion
of this in Section 2.6.
2.3. The problem of ensuring generality.
On further reﬂection, the notion of a dia-
grammatic inference becomes puzzling. Consider the following example:
Let a and b be distinct points, and let L be the line through a and b. Let
c and d be points on opposite sides of L, and let M be the line through c
and d. Let e be the intersection of L and M. Is e necessarily between
c and d?
Drawing a diagram, or picturing the situation in your mind’s eye, should convince you
that the answer is “yes,” based on an “intuitive” understanding of the concepts involved:
In fact, a diagrammatic inference was even implicit in the instruction “let e be the
intersection of L and M,” namely, in seeing that L and M necessarily intersect.
So far, all is well. But now suppose we replace the last question in the example with the
following:
Is e necessarily between a and b?
Consulting our diagram, we should perhaps conclude that the answer is “yes.” But that
is patently absurd; we could easily have drawn the diagram to put e anywhere along L.
Neither Euclid nor any competent student of Euclidean geometry would draw the invalid
inference. Thus any respectable notion of “diagrammatic inference” has to sanction the
ﬁrst inference in our example, but bar the second.
There are two morals to be extracted from this little exercise. The ﬁrst is that, however
the diagram functions in a Euclidean proof, using the diagram is not simply a matter of
reading off features found in the physical instantiation. Any way of drawing the diagram
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
706
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
will give e a position relative to a and b, but none of them can be inferred from the givens.
The physical instance of the diagram thus serves as a token, or artifact, that is intended
to be used in certain ways; understanding the role of the diagram necessarily involves
understanding the intended use.2
The second moral is that the physical instance of the diagram, taken out of context, does
not bear all the relevant inferential data. In the example above, the diagram is symmetric: if
we rotate the diagram a quarter turn and switch the order of the questions, the new diagram
and questionnaire differ from the previous ones only by the labels of the geometric objects;
but whereas “yes” and then “no” are the correct answers to the ﬁrst set of questions, “no”
and then “yes” are the correct answers to the second. What this means is that the inferences
that we are allowed to perform depend not just on the illustration, but also on the preamble;
that is, the inference depends on knowing the construction that the diagram is supposed to
illustrate. Hence, understanding the role of the diagram in Euclidean practice also involves
understanding how the details of the construction bear upon the allowable inferences.
In Miller’s (2008) formal system for Euclidean geometry, every time a construction step
can give rise to different topological conﬁgurations, the proof requires a case split across
all the possible conﬁgurations. His system provides a calculus by which one can determine
(an upper bound on) all the realizable conﬁgurations (and systematically rule out some of
the conﬁgurations that are not realizable). This can result in a combinatorial explosion of
cases, and Miller himself concedes that it can be difﬁcult to work through them all. (See
also Mumma’s (2008) review.) Thus, although Miller’s system is sound for the intended
semantics and may be considered “diagrammatic” in nature, it seems far removed from the
Elements, where such exhaustive case splits are nowhere to be found. (We will, however,
have a lot more to say about the case distinctions that do appear in the Elements; see
Sections 3.8 and 4.3.)
Mumma’s (2006, to appear) original proof system, Eu, used a different approach. Al-
though proofs in Eu are based on particular diagrams, not every feature found in a par-
ticular diagram can be used in the proof. Rather, one can only use those features of the
diagram that are guaranteed to hold generally, given the diagram’s construction. Mumma’s
system therefore includes precise rules that determine when a feature has this property.
Our system, E, pushes the level of abstraction one step further: in E the diagram is nothing
more than the collection of generally valid diagrammatic features that are guaranteed by
the construction. In other words, given the construction in the example above, we identify
the diagram with the information provided by the construction—that a and b are distinct
points, L is a line, a is on L, b is on L, c and d are on opposite sides of L, and so on—
and all the direct diagrammatic consequences of these data. This requires us to spell out the
notion of a “direct diagrammatic consequence,” which is exactly what we do in Section 3.8.
2.4. The logical form of proofs in the Elements.
It is commonly noted that Euclid’s
proofs are constructive, in the sense that existence assertions are established by giving
explicit constructions. One would therefore not expect Euclidean reasoning to use the full
2 Macbeth (preprint) has characterized this sort of diagram use in terms of the Gricean distinction
between “natural” and “nonnatural” meaning. Manders (2008b) underscores this point by
observing that Euclidean diagrams are used equally well in reductio proofs, where the conclusion
is that the illustrated conﬁguration cannot exist. One ﬁnds a nice example of this in Proposition
10 of Book III, which shows that two distinct circles cannot intersect in more than two points.
Clearly, in cases like this, the diagram does not serve as a “literal” or direct representation of the
relevant conﬁguration.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
707
range of classical ﬁrst-order logic, which allows nonconstructive existence proofs, but,
rather, a suitably constructive fragment.
In fact, when one surveys the proofs in the Elements, one is struck by how little logic
is involved, by modern standards. Go back to the examples in Section 2.1, and count the
instances of logical staples like “every,” “some,” “or,” and “if ...then.” The results may
surprise you.
Of course, the statements of the two propositions are best modeled with a universal
quantiﬁer: we can read Proposition I.10 as the assertion that “any ﬁnite straight line can
be bisected” and Proposition I.16 begins with the words “any triangle.” Furthermore, there
is an existential quantiﬁer implicit in the statement of Proposition I.10, which, in modern
terms, might be expressed “for every ﬁnite straight line, there is a point that bisects it.”
In modern terms, it is the existential quantiﬁer implicit in the statement of Proposition
I.10 that makes this proposition a “problem” in Proclus’ terminology. There is no such
quantiﬁer implicit in Proposition I.16, which is therefore a “theorem.”
Thus, in a Euclidean proposition, an explicit or implicit universal quantiﬁer serves to set
forth the givens, and, if the proposition is a “problem,” an existential statement is used to
specify the properties of the objects to be constructed. What is remarkable is that these are
the only quantiﬁers one ﬁnds in the text; the proof itself is purely quantiﬁer free. Not only
that; the proof is virtually logic free. A construction step introduces new objects meeting
certain speciﬁcations; for example, the third line of the proof of Proposition I.10 introduces
an equilateral triangle. We will see that in our formalization, the speciﬁcation can always
be described as a list of atomic formulas and their negations. Other lines in a Euclidean
proof simply make atomic or negated atomic statements, like “the base ad is equal to the
base bd,” sometimes chained together with the word “and.”
In other words, Euclidean proofs do little more than introduce objects satisfying lists of
atomic (or negation atomic) assertions, and then draw further atomic (or negation atomic)
conclusions from these, in a simple linear fashion. There are two minor departures from
this pattern. Sometimes a Euclidean proof involves a case split; for example, if ab and cd
are unequal segments, then one is longer than the other, and one can argue that a desired
conclusion follows in either case. The other exception is that Euclid sometimes uses a
reductio; for example, if the supposition that ab and cd are unequal yields a contradiction
then one can conclude that ab and cd are equal. In our formal system, such case splits are
always case splits on the truth of an atomic formula, and a proof by contradiction always
establishes an atomic formula or its negation.
There is one more feature of Euclid’s proofs that is worth calling attention to, namely,
that in Euclid’s proofs the construction steps generally precede the deductive conclusions.
Thus, the proofs generally split into two phases: in the construction (kataskeue) phase,
one carries out the construction, introducing all the objects that will be needed to reach
the desired conclusion; and then in the deduction (apodeixis) phase one infers metric
and diagrammatic consequences (see Morrow, 1970, pp. 159–160 or Euclid, 1956, vol. I,
pp. 129–130). This division is not required by our formal system, which is to say, nothing
goes wrong in our proof system if one constructs some objects, draws some conclusions,
and then carries out another construction. In other words, we take the division into the
two phases to be a stylistic choice, rather than a logical necessity. For the most part, one
can follow this stylistic prescription within E, and carry out all the constructions ﬁrst.
An exception to this occurs when, by E’s lights, some deductive reasoning is required to
ensure that prerequisites for carrying out a construction step are met. For example, we will
see in Section 4.3 that our formal system takes issue with Euclid’s proof of Proposition
I.2: where Euclid carries out a complex construction without further justiﬁcation, our
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
708
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
system requires an explicit (but brief) argument, amidst the construction, to ensure that
a certain point lies inside a certain circle. But even Euclid himself sometimes fails to
maintain the division between the two phases, and includes demonstrative arguments in
the construction phase; see, for example, our discussion of Euclid’s proof of Proposi-
tion I.44, in Section 4.3. Thus, our interpretation of the usual division of a Euclidean
proof into construction and deduction phases is supported by the text of the Elements
itself.
2.5. Nondegeneracy assumptions.
As illustrated by our examples, Euclid typically
assumes his geometric conﬁgurations are nondegenerate. For example, if a and b are
given as arbitrary points, Euclid assumes they are distinct points, and if abc is a trian-
gle, the points a, b, and c are further assumed to be noncollinear. These are also some-
times called “genericity assumptions”; we are following Wu (1994) in using the term
“nondegeneracy.”
Insofar as these assumptions are implicit in Euclid, his presentation can be criticized on
two grounds:
1. The theorems are not always as strong as they can be, because the conclusions
sometimes can still be shown to hold when some of the nondegeneracy constraints
are relaxed. (Sometimes one needs to clarify the reading of the conclusion in a
degenerate case.)
2. There are inferential gaps: when Euclid applies a theorem to the diagram obtained
from a construction in the proof of a later theorem, he does not check that the non-
degeneracy assumptions hold, or can be assumed to hold without loss of generality.
With respect to the second criticism, Wu writes:
In the proof of a theorem, even though the conﬁguration of the hypoth-
esis at the outset is located in a generic, nondegenerate position, we are
still unable to determine ahead of time whether or not the degenerate
cases will occur when applying other theorems in the proof process.
Not only is the veriﬁcation of every applied theorem cumbersome and
difﬁcult, but it is actually also impossible to guarantee that the degenerate
cases (in which the theorem is meaningless or false) do not happen in the
proof process. On the other hand, we have no effective means to judge
how much to restrict the statement of a theorem (to be proved) in order
to ensure the truth of the theorem. These problems make it impossible
for the Euclidean method of theorem proving to meet the requirements
of necessary rigor. (Wu, 1994, p. 118)
Wu’s comments refer to geometric theorem proving in general, not just the theorems of
the Elements. With respect to the latter, we feel that the quote overstates the case: for the
most part, the nondegeneracy requirements for theorem application in Euclid are easily met
by assuming that the construction is appropriately generic. We discuss a mild exception in
Section 4.3, noting that, according to E, Euclid should have said a few more words in the
proof of Proposition I.9. But we do not know of any examples where substantial changes
are needed.
Furthermore, the ﬁrst criticism is damning only insofar as the degenerate cases are
genuinely interesting. Nonetheless, from a modern standpoint, it is better to articulate just
what is required in the statement of a theorem. Thus, we have chosen to “go modern”
with E, in the sense that any distinctness assumptions (inequality of points, nonincidence
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
709
of points and lines) that are required have to be stated explicitly as hypotheses. Although
this marks a slight departure from Euclid, the fact that all assumptions are made explicit
provides a more ﬂexible framework to explore the issue as to which assumptions are
implicit in his proofs.
2.6. Our methodology.
We have cast our project as an attempt to model Euclidean
diagrammatic proof, aiming to clarify its logical form, and, in particular, the nature of
diagrammatic inference. In casting our project in this way, we are adopting a certain
methodological stance. From a logical standpoint, what makes a Euclidean proof “dia-
grammatic” is not the fact that we ﬁnd it helpful to consult a diagram in order to verify
the correctness of the proof, or that, in the absence of such a physical artifact, we tend to
roll our eyes toward the back of our heads and imagine such a diagram. Rather, the salient
feature of Euclidean proof is that certain sorts of inferences are admitted as basic, and are
made without further justiﬁcation. When we say we are analyzing Euclidean diagrammatic
reasoning, we mean simply that we are trying to determine which inferences have this basic
character, in contrast to the geometrically valid inferences that are spelled out in greater
detail in the text of the Elements.
Our analysis may therefore seem somewhat unsatisfying, in the sense that we do not
attempt to explain why the fundamental methods of inference in the Elements are, or can
be, or should be, taken to be basic. This is not to imply that we do not take such questions
to be important. Indeed, it is just because they are such obvious and important questions
that we are taking pains to emphasize the restricted character of our project.
What makes these questions difﬁcult is that it is often not clear just what type of
answer or explanation one would like. In order to explain why Euclidean practice is
the way it is, one might reasonably invoke historical, pedagogical, or more broadly
philosophical considerations. It may therefore help to highlight various types of analysis
that are not subsumed by our logical approach. It does not include, per se, any of the
following:
•
a historical analysis of how the Elements came to be and attained the features we
have described;
•
a philosophical analysis as to what characterizes the inferences above as epistem-
ically special (beyond that they interpret the ruler-and-compass constructions of
modern geometric formalizations, and are sound and complete for the correspond-
ing semantics), or in what sense they should be accepted as “immediate”;
•
a psychological or cognitive or pedagogical analysis of the human abilities that
make it possible, and useful, to understand proofs in that form; or
•
a computational analysis as to the most efﬁcient data structures and algorithms for
verifying the inferences we have characterized as “Euclidean,” complexity upper
and lower bounds, or effective search procedures.
We do, however, take it to be an important methodological point that the questions we
address here can be separated from these related issues. We hope, moreover, that the
understanding of Euclidean proof that our analysis provides can support these other lines
of inquiry. We return to a discussion of these issues in Section 7.
§3. The formal system E.
3.1. The language of E.
The language of E is six sorted, with sorts for points, lines,
circles, segments, angles, and areas. There are variables ranging over the ﬁrst three sorts;
we use variables a, b, c, . . . to range over points, L, M, N, . . . to range over lines, and
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
710
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
α, β, γ, . . . to range over circles. In addition to the equality symbol, we have the following
basic relations on elements of these sorts:
•
on(a, L): point a is on line L
•
same-side(a, b, L): points a and b are on the same side of line L
•
between(a, b, c): points a, b, and c are distinct and collinear, and b is between
a and c
•
on(a, α): point a is on circle α
•
inside(a, α): point a is inside circle α
•
center(a, α): point a is the center of circle α
Note that between(a, b, c) denotes a strict betweenness relation, and same-side(a, b, L)
entails that neither a nor b is on L. We also have three versions of an additional relation
symbol, to keep track of the intersection of lines and circles:
•
intersects(L, M): line L and M intersect
•
intersects(L, α): line L intersects circle α
•
intersects(α, β): circles α and β intersect
In each case, by “intersects” we really mean “intersects transversally.” In other words, two
lines intersect when they have exactly one point in common, and two circles, or a line and
a circle, intersect when they have exactly two points in common.
The objects of the last three sorts represent magnitudes. There are no variables ranging
over these sorts; instead, one obtains objects of these sorts by applying the following
functions to points:
•
segment(a, b): the length of the line segment from a to b, written ab
•
angle(a, b, c): the magnitude of the angle abc, written ̸ abc
•
area(a, b, c): the area of triangle abc, written △abc
In addition to the equality relation, we have an addition function, +, a less-than relation,
<, and a constant, 0, on each magnitude sort. Thus, for example, the expression ab = cd
denotes that the line segment determined by a and b is congruent to the line segment
determined by c and d, and ab < cd denotes that it is strictly shorter. The symbol 0
is included for convenience; we could have, in a manner more faithful to Euclid, taken
magnitudes to be strictly positive, with only minor modiﬁcations to the axioms and
rules of inference described below. Finally, we also include a constant, “right-angle,”
of the angle sort. Thus we model the statement “abc is a right angle” as ̸ abc =
right-angle.
The assertion “between(a, b, c)” is intended to denote that b is strictly between a and c,
which is to say, it implies that b is not equal to either a or c. In Section 5, we will see that, in
this respect, it differs from the primitive used by Tarski in his axiomatization of Euclidean
geometry. One reason that we have chosen the strict version is that it seems more faithful
to Euclidean practice; see the discussion in Section 2.5. Another is that it seems to have
better computational properties; see Section 6.
The atomic formulas are deﬁned as usual. A literal is an atomic formula or a negated
atomic formula. We will sometimes refer to literals as “assertions,” since, as we have
noted, statements found in proofs in the Elements are generally of this form (or, at most,
conjunctions of such basic assertions). Literals involving the relations on the ﬁrst three
sorts are “diagrammatic assertions,” and literals involving the relations on the last three
sorts are “metric assertions.”
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
711
Additional predicates can be deﬁned in terms of the basic ones presented here. For
example, we can take the assertion ab ≤cd to be shorthand for ¬(cd < ab). Similarly,
we can assert that a and b are on different sides of a line L, written diff-side(a, b, L), by
making the sequence of assertions ¬on(a, L), ¬on(b, L), ¬same-side(a, b, L). Similarly,
we can deﬁne outside(a, α) to be the conjunction ¬inside(a, α), ¬on(a, α). Deﬁnitional
extensions like these are discussed in Section 4.1.
It is worth mentioning, at this point, that diagrammatic assertions like ours rarely
appear in the text of Euclid’s proofs. Rather, they are implicitly the result of diagrammatic
hypotheses and construction steps, and they, in turn, license further construction steps and
deductive inferences. But this fact is adequately captured by E: even though raw diagram-
matic assertions may appear in proofs, the rules are designed so that typically they do not
have to. Consider, for example, the example in Section 2.3. In our system, the construction
“let e be the point of intersection of L and M” is licensed by the diagrammatic assertion
intersects(L, M), which, in turn, is licensed by the fact that M contains two points, c and d,
that are on opposite sides of L. But we will take the assertion intersects(L, M) to be a
direct consequence of diagrammatic assertions that result from the construction, which
allows this fact to license the construction step without explicit mention. And once e has
been designated the point of intersection, the fact that e is between c and d is another
direct consequence of the diagram assertions in play, and hence can be used to license
future constructions and metric assertions. We discuss the relationship between our formal
language and the informal text of the Elements in more detail in Section 4.1.
3.2. Proofs in E.
Theorems in E have the following logical form:
∀⃗a, ⃗L, ⃗α (ϕ(⃗a, ⃗L, ⃗α) →∃⃗b, ⃗M, ⃗β ψ(⃗a, ⃗b, ⃗L, ⃗M, ⃗α, ⃗β)),
where ϕ is a conjunction of literals, and ψ is either a conjunction of literals or the symbol
⊥, for “falsity” or “contradiction.” Put in words, theorems in E make statements of the
following sort:
Given a diagram consisting of some points, ⃗a, some lines, ⃗L, and some
circles, ⃗α, satisfying assertions ϕ, one can construct points ⃗b, lines ⃗M,
and circles ⃗β, such that the resulting diagram satisﬁes assertions ψ.
If the list ⃗b, ⃗M, ⃗β is nonempty, the theorem is a “problem,” in Proclus’ terminology. If
that list is empty and ψ is not ⊥, we have a “theorem,” in Proclus’ sense. If ψ is ⊥, the
theorem asserts the impossibility of the conﬁguration described by ϕ.
In our proof system, we will represent a conjunction of literals by the corresponding set
of literals, and the initial universal quantiﬁers will be left implicit. Thus, theorems in our
system will be modeled as sequents of the form
 ⇒∃⃗b, ⃗M, ⃗β. ,
where  and  are sets of literals, and ⃗b, ⃗M, ⃗β do not occur in . Assuming the remaining
variables in  and  are among ⃗a, ⃗L, ⃗α, the interpretation of the sequent is as above:
given objects ⃗a, ⃗L, ⃗α satisfying the assertions in , there are objects ⃗b, ⃗M, ⃗β satisfying the
assertions in .
As is common in the proof theory literature, if  and ′ are ﬁnite sets of literals and ϕ
is a literal, we will use , ′ to abbreviate  ∪′ and , ϕ to abbreviate  ∪{ϕ}. Beware,
though: in the literature it is more common to read sets on the right side of a sequent arrow
disjunctively, rather than conjunctively, as we do. Thus the sequent above corresponds to
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
712
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
the single-succedent sequent  ⇒∃⃗b, ⃗M, ⃗β ( ) in a standard Gentzen calculus for
ﬁrst-order logic.
Having described the theorems in our system, we now describe the proofs. As noted in
Section 2.4, there are two sorts of steps in a Euclidean proof: construction steps, which
introduce new objects into the diagram, and deduction steps, which infer facts about
objects that have already been introduced. Thus, after setting forth the hypotheses, a
typical Euclidean proof might have the following form:
Let a be a point such that ...
Let b be a point such that ...
Let L be a line such that ...
...
Hence ...
Hence ...
Hence ...
Application of a previously proved theorem ﬁts into this framework: if the theorem
is a “problem,” in Proclus’ terminology, applying it is a construction step, while if it
is a “theorem,” applying it is a demonstration step. The linear format is occasionally
broken by a proof by cases or a proof by contradiction, which temporarily intro-
duces a new assumption. For example, a proof by cases might have the following
form:
Suppose A.
Hence ...
Hence ...
Hence B.
On the other hand, suppose not A.
Hence ...
Hence ...
Hence B.
Hence B.
Proofs in E can be represented as sequences of assertions in this way, where the validity
of the assertion given at any line in the proof depends on the hypotheses of the theorem,
as well as any temporary assumptions that are in play. Below, however, we will adopt
conventional proof theoretic notation, and take each line of the proof to be a sequent  ⇒
∃⃗x. , where  represents all the assumptions that are operant at that stage of the proof,
⃗x represent all the geometric objects that have been introduced, and  represents all the
conclusions that have been drawn.
Thus, in our formal presentation of the proof system, a single construction step involves
passing from a sequent of the form  ⇒∃⃗x.  to a sequent of the form  ⇒∃⃗x, ⃗y. , ′,
where ⃗y are variables for points, lines, and/or circles that do not occur in the original
sequent. That is, the step asserts the existence of the new objects, ⃗y, with the properties
asserted by ′. In contrast, demonstration steps pass from a sequent of the form  ⇒∃⃗x.
 to one of the form 
⇒
∃⃗x.
, ′, without introducing new objects. These
include:
•
Diagrammatic inferences: here ′ consists of a direct diagrammatic consequence
of diagrammatic assertions in , ;
•
Metric inferences: here ′ consists of a direct metric consequence of metric asser-
tions in , ; and
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
713
•
Transfer inferences: here ′ consists of a metric or diagrammatic assertion that can
be inferred from metric and diagrammatic assertions in , .
We will describe these inferences in detail in the sections that follow.
We have already noted that applying a previously proved theorem may or may not
introduce new objects. Suppose we have proved a theorem of the form 	 ⇒∃⃗y. 
,
and we are at a stage in our proof where we have established the sequent  ⇒∃⃗x. .
The ﬁrst theorem, that is, the hypotheses in 	, may concern a right triangle abc, whereas
we may wish to apply it to a right triangle def . Thus, the inference may require renaming
the variables of the ﬁrst theorem. Furthermore, we may wish to extract only some of the
conclusions of the theorem, and discard the others. Applying such a theorem, formally,
involves doing the following:
•
renaming the variables of 	 ⇒∃⃗y. 
 to obtain a sequent 	′ ⇒∃⃗y′. 
′, so that all
the free variables of that sequent are among the variables of , , and the variables
⃗y′ do not occur in , ;
•
checking that every element of 	′ is a direct diagram or metric consequence of
, ;
•
selecting some subset ′ of the conclusions 
′ and the sublist ⃗z of variables from
among ⃗y′ that occur in 
′;
•
and then concluding the sequent  ⇒∃⃗x, ⃗z. , ′.
In words, suppose that, assuming that some geometric objects satisfy the assertions , we
have constructed objects ⃗x satisfying . Suppose, further, that, by a previous theorem, the
assertions in  and  imply the existence of new objects ⃗z satisfying ′. Then we can
introduce new objects ⃗z, satisfying the assertions in ′.
We also adhere to the common proof theoretic practice of representing our proofs as
trees rather than sequences, where the sequent at each node is inferred from sequents at the
node’s immediate predecessors. For the most part, trees will be linear, in the sense that each
node has a single predecessor. The only exceptions arise in a proof by cases or a proof by
contradiction. In the ﬁrst case, one can establish a conclusion using a case split on atomic
formulas. Such a proof has the following form:
 ⇒∃⃗x. 
, , ϕ ⇒∃⃗y. ′
, , ¬ϕ ⇒∃⃗y.′
 ⇒∃⃗x, ⃗y. , ′
.
In words, suppose that, given geometric objects satisfying the assertions , we have con-
structed objects ⃗x satisfying . Suppose, further, that given objects satisfying  and ,
we can construct additional objects ⃗y satisfying ′, whether or not ϕ holds. Then, given
geometric objects satisfying the assertions , we can obtain objects ⃗x, ⃗y satisfying the
assertions in , ′.
Recall that we have included the symbol ⊥, or “contradiction,” among our basic atomic
assertions. Since the rules described below allow one to infer anything from a contra-
diction, we can use case splits to simulate proof by contradiction, as follows. Suppose,
assuming ¬ϕ, we establish ⊥. Then from ¬ϕ we can establish ϕ. Since ϕ certainly follows
from ϕ, we have shown that ϕ follows in any case.
Finally, we need to model two “superposition” inferences used by Euclid in Propositions
4 and 8 of Book I, to establish the familiar “side-side-side” and “side-angle-side” criteria
for triangle congruences. The interpretation of these rules has been an ongoing topic of
discussion for Euclid’s commentators (see Heath Euclid, 1956, pp. 224–228, 249–250,
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
714
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Mancosu, 1996, pp. 28–33, or Mueller, 1981, pp. 21–24). But the inferences have a very
natural modeling in our system, described in Section 3.7 below.
A proof that ends with the sequent  ⇒∃⃗x′. ′ constitutes a proof of  ⇒∃⃗x. 
exactly when there is a map f from ⃗x to the variables of , ′ such that, under the
renaming, every element of  f is contained in or a diagrammatic consequence of ′.
In other words, we have succeeded in proving the theorem when we have constructed the
requisite objects and shown that they have the claimed properties.3
We claim that our formal system captures all the essential features of the proofs found
in Books I to IV of the Elements. To be more precise, the Elements includes a number
of more complicated inferences that are easily modeled in terms of our basic rules. To
start with, Euclid often uses more elaborate case splits than the ones deﬁned above, for
example, depending on whether one segment is shorter than, the same length as, or longer
than another. This is easily represented in our system as a sequence of two case splits. Also,
Euclid often implicitly restricts attention to one case, without loss of generality, where the
treatment of the other is entirely symmetric. Furthermore, we have focused on triangles;
the handling of convex ﬁgures like rectangles and their areas can be reduced to these by
introducing deﬁned predicates. In Section 4.1, we describe some of the ways that “syntactic
sugar” could be used to make E’s proofs even more like Euclid’s. Thus a more precise
formulation of our claim is that if we use a suitable textual representation of proofs, then,
modulo syntactic conventions like these, proofs in our formal system look very much like
the informal proofs found in the Elements.4 Some examples are presented in Section 4.2
below to help substantiate this claim. Some ways in which proofs in our system depart
substantially from the text of the Elements are discussed in Section 4.3.
To complete our description of E, we now need to describe:
1. the construction rules,
2. the diagrammatic inferences,
3. the metric inferences,
4. the diagram-metric transfer inferences, and
5. the two superposition inferences.
These are presented in Sections 3.3–3.7. The diagrammatic inferences, metric inferences,
and diagram-metric transfer inferences will be presented as lists of ﬁrst-order axioms,
whereas what we really mean is that in a proof one is allowed to introduce any “direct
3 Note that the function f can map an existentially quantiﬁed variable in ⃗x to one of the variables
in . This means that the theorem “assuming p is on L, there is a point q on L” has the trivial
proof: “assuming p is on L, p is on L.”
We are, however, glossing over some technical details concerning the usual treatment of bound
variables and quantiﬁers. For example, technically, we should require that no variable of  conﬂict
with the bound variables ⃗x of the sequent. It may be convenient to assume that we simply use separate
stocks of variables for free (implicitly universally quantiﬁed) variables and bound (existentially
quantiﬁed) variables. Or, better, one should construe all our claims as holding “up to renaming of
bound variables.”
4
The manner of presenting proofs used above, whereby suppositional reasoning is indicated by
indenting or otherwise setting off subarguments, amounts to the use of what are known as “Fitch
diagrams.”
Since the objects constructed to satisfy the conclusion of a proof by cases can depend on the case,
we have glossed over details as to how our formal case splits should be represented in Fitch-style
proofs. But see the second example in Section 4.5 for one way of doing this.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
715
consequence” of those axioms. This requires us to spell out a notion of “direct conse-
quence,” which we do in Section 3.8. In the meanwhile, little harm will come of thinking
of the direct consequences as being the assertions that are ﬁrst-order consequences of the
axioms, together with the assertions in , .
3.3. Construction rules.
In this section, we present a list of construction rules for E.
Formally, these are described by sequents of the form 	 ⇒∃⃗x. 
, where the variables ⃗x
do not appear in 	. Applying such a construction rule means simply applying this sequent
as a theorem, as described in the last section. In other words, one can view our construction
rules as a list of “built-in” theorems that are available from the start. Intuitively, ⃗x are the
objects that are constructed by the rule; 	 are the preconditions that guarantee that the
construction is possible,5 and 
 are the properties that characterize the objects that are
constructed.
We pause to comment on our terminology. What the rules below have in common is that
they serve to introduce new objects to the diagram. Sometimes an object that is introduced
is uniquely determined, as is the case, for example, with the rule “let a be the intersection
of L and M.” In other cases, there is an arbitrary choice involved, as is the case with the
rule “let a be a point on L”. We are referring to both as “construction rules,” though one
might object that picking a point is not really a “construction.” It might be more accurate
to describe them as “rules that introduce new objects into the diagram,” but we have opted
for the shorter locution. Our choice is made reasonable by the fact that the rules are all
components of Euclidean constructions. Insofar as picking a point c and connecting it
to two points a and b can be seen as “constructing a triangle on the segment ab,” it is
reasonable to call the rule that allows one to pick c a “construction rule.”
For readability, the sequents are described informally. First, we provide a natural lan-
guage description of the construction, such as “let a be a point on L.” This is followed by
a more precise speciﬁcation of the prerequisites to the construction (corresponding to 	 in
the sequent 	 ⇒∃⃗x. 
), and the conclusion (corresponding to 
). Furthermore, when one
constructs a point on a line, for example, one has the freedom to choose such a point distinct
from any of the other points already in the diagram, and to specify that it does not lie on
various lines and circles. The ability to do so is indicated by the optional “[distinct from
...]” clause; for example, assuming the lines L and M do not coincide, one can say “let a be
a point on L, distinct from b, M, and α.” As noted in Section 2.5, both the ability to specify,
and the requirement of specifying, such “distinctness” conditions marks a departure from
Euclid. In the presentation of the construction rules below, such conditions are abbreviated
“[distinct from ...].” Similarly, the requirement that L be distinct from all the other lines
mentioned is abbreviated “[L is distinct from lines ...],” and so on. So the example we just
considered is an instance of the second rule on the list that follows, and becomes
L ̸= M ⇒∃a. on(a, L), a ̸= b, ¬on(a, M), ¬on(a, α)
when expressed in sequent form.
Points
1. Let a be a point [distinct from ...].
Prerequisites: none
Conclusion: [a is distinct from ...]
5 The conditions that are prerequisite to a construction are called the diarismos by Proclus; see
(Euclid, 1956, Book I, p. 130) or (Morrow, 1970, p. 160).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
716
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
2. Let a be a point on L [distinct from ...].
Prerequisites: [L is distinct from lines ...]
Conclusion: a is on L, [a is distinct from ...]
3. Let a be a point on L between b and c [distinct from ...].
Prerequisites: b is on L, c is on L, b ̸= c, [L is distinct from lines ...]
Conclusion: a is on L, a is between b and c, [a is distinct from ...]
4. Let a be a point on L extending the segment from b to c [with a distinct from ...].
Prerequisites: b is on L, c is on L, b ̸= c, [L is distinct from lines ...]
Conclusion: a is on L, c is between b and a, [a is distinct from ...]
5. Let a be a point on the same side of L as b [distinct from ...].
Prerequisite: b is not on L
Conclusion: a is on the same side of L as b, [a is distinct from ...]
6. Let a be a point on the side of L opposite b [distinct from ...].
Prerequisite: b is not on L
Conclusion: a is not on L, a is not on the same side of L as b, [a is distinct from
...]
7. Let a be a point on α [distinct from ...].
Prerequisite: [α is distinct from other circles]
Conclusion: a is on α, [a is distinct from ...]
8. Let a be a point inside α [distinct from ...].
Prerequisites: none
Conclusion: a is inside α, [a is distinct from ...]
9. Let a be a point outside α [distinct from ...].
Prerequisites: none
Conclusion: a is outside α, [a is distinct from ...]
Lines and circles
1. Let L be the line through a and b.
Prerequisite: a ̸= b
Conclusion: a is on L, b is on L
2. Let α be the circle with center a passing through b.
Prerequisite: a ̸= b
Conclusion: a is the center of α, b is on α
To make sense of the next list of constructions, recall that we are using the word “in-
tersect” to refer to transversal intersection. For example, saying that two circles intersect
means that they meet in exactly two distinct points.
Intersections
1. Let a be the intersection of L and M.
Prerequisite: L and M intersect
Conclusion: a is on L, a is on M
2. Let a be a point of intersection of α and L.
Prerequisite: α and L intersect
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on L
3. Let a and b be the two points of intersection of α and L.
Prerequisite: α and L intersect
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on L, b is on α, b is on L, a ̸= b
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
717
Fig. 1. Diagrams for intersection rules 8 (left) and 9 (right). In the ﬁrst, the added intersection point
a is on the same side of L as b; in the second, it is opposite b.
4. Let a be the point of intersection of L and α between b and c.
Prerequisites: b is inside α, b is on L, c is not inside α, c is not on α, c is on L
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on L, a is between b and c
5. Let a be the point of intersection of L and α extending the segment from c to b.
Prerequisites: b is inside α, b is on L, c ̸= b, c is on L.
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on L, b is between a and c
6. Let a be a point on the intersection of α and β.
Prerequisite: α and β intersect
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on β
7. Let a and b be the two points of intersection of α and β.
Prerequisite: α and β intersect
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on β, b is on α, b is on β, a ̸= b
8. Let a be the point of intersection of α and β, on the same side of L as b, where L is
the line through their centers, c and d, respectively.
Prerequisites: α and β intersect, c is the center of α, d is the center of β, c is on L,
d is on L, b is not on L
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on β, a and b are on the same side of L
9. Let a be the point of intersection of α and β, on the side of L opposite b, where L
is the line through their centers, c and d, respectively.
Prerequisite: α and β intersect, c is the center of α, d is the center of β, c is on L, d
is on L, b is not on L
Conclusion: a is on α, a is on β, a and b are not on the same side of L, a is not
on L
We close this section by noting that there is some redundancy in our construction rules.
For example, the circle intersection Rules 8 and 9, which are somewhat complex, could be
derived as theorems from the more basic rules. As we will see below, we have added them
to model particular construction steps in the Elements. But there are other constructions
that can be derived in our system, that seem no less obvious; for example, if M and N are
distinct lines that intersect, and a is not on N, then one can pick a point b on M on the
same side of N as a. We did not include this rule only because we did not ﬁnd it in Euclid,
though constructions like this come up in our completeness proof, in Section 5.
This situation is somewhat unsatisfying. Our list of construction rules was designed
with two goals in mind: ﬁrst, to model the constructions in Euclid, and, second, to provide
a system that is complete, in the sense described in Section 5. But a smaller set of rules
would have met the second constraint, and since the constructions appearing in Books I to
IV of the Elements constitute a ﬁnite list, the ﬁrst constraint could be met by brute force
enumeration. What is missing is a principled determination of what should constitute an
“obvious” construction, as opposed to an existence assertion that requires explicit proof.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
718
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
We did, at one point, consider allowing the prover to introduce any point satisfying
constraints that are consistent with the current diagram. Even for diagrams without circles,
however, determining whether such a list of constraints meets this criterion seems to be a
knotty combinatorial problem. And since circles can encode metric information, in that
case the proposal seems to allow users to do things that are far from obvious. In any
event, it is not clear that this proposal comes closer to characterizing what we should take
as “obvious constructions.” We therefore leave this task as an open conceptual problem,
maintaining only that the list of constructions we have chosen here are (1) obviously
sound, in an informal sense; (2) sufﬁcient to emulate the proofs in Books I to IV of the
Elements; (3) sound for the intended semantics; and (4) sufﬁcient to make the system
complete.
3.4. Diagrammatic inferences.
We now provide a list of axioms that allow us to infer
diagrammatic assertions from the diagrammatic information available in a given context
in a proof. For the moment, these can be read as ﬁrst-order axioms; the precise sense in
which they can be used to license inferences in E is spelled out in Section 3.8.
Generalities
1. If a ̸= b, a is on L, and b is on L, a is on M and b is on M, then L = M.
2. If a and b are both centers of α then a = b.
3. If a is the center of α then a is inside α.
4. If a is inside α, then a is not on α.
The ﬁrst axiom above says that two points determine a line. It is logically equivalent to
the assertion that the intersection of two distinct lines, L and M, is unique. The next two
axioms tell us that the center of a circle is unique, and inside the circle. The ﬁnal axiom
then rules out “degenerate” circles.
Between axioms
1. If b is between a and c then b is between c and a, a ̸= b, a ̸= c, and a is not
between b and c.
2. If b is between a and c, a is on L, and b is on L, then c is on L.
3. If b is between a and c, a is on L, and c is on L, then b is on L.
4. If b is between a and c and d is between a and b then d is between a and c.
5. If b is between a and c and c is between b and d then b is between a and d.
6. If a, b, and c are distinct points on a line L, then either b is between a and c, or a is
between b and c, or c is between a and b.
7. If b is between a and c and b is between a and d then b is not between c and d.
Axioms 1, 4, 5, and 6 are essentially the axioms for “between” given in Krantz et al.
(1971), with the minor difference that we are axiomatizing a “strict” notion of betweenness
instead of a nonstrict one. Krantz et al. show that a countable set satisﬁes these axioms if
and only if it can be embedded as a set of points on the real line. We remark, in passing, that
it would be interesting to have similar completeness or representation theorems for other
groups of the axioms found here. Our approach has been syntactic rather than semantic,
which is to say, our goal has been to capture certain deductive relationships rather than to
characterize classes of structures; but it would be illuminating to understand the extent to
which our various groups of axioms give rise to natural classes of structures.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
719
The last axiom is illustrated by the following diagram:
The axiom states that if d and c are on the same side of b along a line, then b does not fall
between them. This axiom is, in fact, a ﬁrst-order consequence of the others; it is therefore
only useful in contexts where we consider more restrictive notions of consequence, as we
do in Section 3.8.
Same-side axioms
1. If a is not on L, then a and a are on the same side of L.
2. If a and b are on the same side of L, then b and a are on the same side of L.
3. If a and b are on the same side of L, then a is not on L.
4. If a and b are on the same side of L, and a and c are on the same side of L, then b
and c are on the same side of L.
5. If a, b, and c are not on L, and a and b are not on the same side of L, then either a
and c are on the same side of L, or b and c are on the same side of L.
If L is a line, the axioms imply that the relation “falling on the same side of L” is an
equivalence relation; and any point a not on L serves to partition the points into three
classes, namely, those on L, those on the same side of L as a, and those on the opposite
side of L from a.
With the interpretation of diff-side(p, q, L) described in Section 3.1, the axioms imply
that if a and b are on different sides of L and a and c are on different sides of L, then b
and c are on the same side of L. The axioms also imply that if a and b are on the same side
of L and a and c are on different sides of L then b and c are on different sides of L.
Pasch axioms
1. If b is between a and c and a and c are on the same side of L, then a and b are on
the same side of L.
2. If b is between a and c and a is on L and b is not on L, then b and c are on the same
side of L.
3. If b is between a and c and b is on L then a and c are not on the same side of L.
4. If b is the intersection of distinct lines L and M, a and c are distinct points on M,
a ̸= b, c ̸= b, and a and c are not on the same side of L, then b is between a and c.
These axioms serve to relate the “between” relation and the “same side” relation. In the
fourth axiom, “b is the intersection of distinct lines L and M” should be understood as
“L ̸= M, b is on L, and b is on M.”
In the literature, the phrase “Pasch axiom” is used to refer to the assertion that a line
passing through one side of a triangle necessarily passes through one of the other two sides,
Fig. 2. Pasch rules 1 (left), 2 (center), and 3 and 4 (right).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
720
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Fig. 3. The Pasch axiom.
Fig. 4. Triple incidence rules. (The same diagram illustrates all three rules.)
or their point of intersection (see Figure 3). This axiom was indeed used by Pasch (1882),
and later by Hilbert (1899), with attribution. Theorems of E do not allow disjunctive
conclusions, but one can use the conclusion of Pasch’s theorem to reason disjunctively
in a proof: in Figure 3, either c is on L, or on the same side of L as a, or on the same side
of L as b. In the second case, where a and c are on the same side of L, our third Pasch
axiom (together with the same-side axioms) imply that b and c are on opposite sides of L.
The intersection rules below then tell us that the line through b and c intersects L. Our
fourth Pasch axiom then implies that this intersection is between b and c. The third case is
handled in a similar way. We have therefore chosen the name for this group of axioms to in-
dicate that they provide an analysis of the usual Pasch axiom into more basic diagrammatic
rules.
Triple-incidence axioms
1. If L, M, and N are lines meeting at a point a, and b, c, and d are points on L, M,
and N respectively, and if c and d are on the same side of L, and b and c are on the
same side of N, then b and d are not on the same side of M.
2. If L, M, and N are lines meeting at a point a, and b, c, and d are points on L, M, and
N respectively, and if c and d are on the same side of L, and b and d are not on the
same side of M, and d is not on M and b̸=a, then b and c are on the same side of N.
3. If L, M, and N are lines meeting at a point a, and b, c, and d are points on L, M,
and N respectively, and if c and d are on the same side of L, and b and c are on the
same side of N, and d and e are on the same side of M, and c and e are on the same
side of N, then c and e are on the same side of L.
These axioms explain how three lines intersecting in a point divide space into regions (see
Figure 4).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
721
Fig. 5. Circle axioms 1–4.
Circle axioms
1. If a, b, and c are on L, a is inside α, b and c are on α, and b ̸= c, then a is between
b and c.
2. If a and b are each inside α or on α, and c is between a and b, then c is inside α.
3. If a is inside α or on α, c is not inside α, and c is between a and b, then b is neither
inside α nor on α.
4. Let α and β be distinct circles that intersect in distinct points c and d. Let a be a the
center of α, let b be the center of β, and let L be the line through a and b. Then c
and d are not on the same side of L.
Intersection axioms
1. If a and b are on different sides of L, and M is the line through a and b, then L and
M intersect.
2. If a is on or inside α, b is on or inside α, and a and b are on different sides of L,
then L and α intersect.
3. If a is inside α and on L, then L and α intersect.
4. If a is on α, b is on or inside α, a is inside β, and b is outside β, then α and β
intersect.
5. If a is on α, b is in α, a is in β, and b is on β, then α and β intersect.
Recall that “intersection” means transversal intersection. The ﬁrst axiom says that a line
passing from one side of L to the other intersects it. The second axiom says that if α is
a circle that straddles L, then α intersects L. The third axiom says that a line that passes
through a circle intersects it. The fourth and ﬁfth axioms are the analogous properties for
circles. The third axiom can be viewed as the assertion that a line cannot be bounded by a
circle; the others can be viewed as continuity principles.
Equality axioms
1. x = x
2. If x = y and ϕ(x), then ϕ(y)
Here x and y can range over any of the sorts (i.e., there is an equality symbol for each sort)
and ϕ can be any atomic formula. These are the usual equality axioms for ﬁrst-order logic,
and so may be taken to be subsumed under the notion of “ﬁrst-order consequence.”
3.5. Metric inferences.
Consider the structure ⟨R+, 0, +, <⟩, that is, the nonnegative
real numbers with zero, addition, and the less-than relation. It is well known that the
theory of this structure is decidable. The set of universal consequences of this theory
(or, equivalently, the set of quantiﬁer-free formulas that are true of the structure under
any assignment to the free variables) can be axiomatized as follows:
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
722
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
•
+ is associative and commutative, with identity 0.
•
< is a linear ordering with least element 0.
•
For any x, y, and z, if x < y then x + z < y + z.
Equivalently, these axioms describe the nonnegative part of any linearly ordered abelian
group. Happily, these are the general properties Euclid assumes of magnitudes, that is, the
segment lengths, angles, and areas in our formalization (see Stein, 1990, p. 167). To be
more precise, Euclid seems to assume that his magnitudes are strictly positive. But we
have already noted in Section 3.1 that we simply include 0 for convenience; we could
just as well have axiomatized the strictly positive reals. The axioms above imply that if
x + z = y + z, then x = y, which corresponds to Euclid’s Common Notion 3, “if equals be
subtracted from equals, the remainders are equal.” The third axiom implies that if 0 < y,
then z < y + z, which corresponds to Common Notion 5, “the whole is greater than the
part.”
In addition to these, we include the following axioms, which Euclid seems to take to be
clear from the deﬁnitions (modulo the caveat, in the last paragraph, that we include 0 as a
magnitude):
1. ab = 0 if and only if a = b.
2. ab ≥0.
3. ab = ba.
4. a ̸= b and a ̸= c imply ̸ abc = ̸ cba.
5. 0 ≰ abc and ̸ abc ≤right-angle + right-angle.
6. △aab = 0.
7. △abc ≥0.
8. △abc = △cab and △abc = △acb.
9. If ab = a′b′, bc = b′c′, ca = c′a′, ̸ abc = ̸ a′b′c′, ̸ bca = ̸ b′c′a′, and ̸ cab =
̸ c′a′b′, then △abc = △a′b′c′.
Note that we do not ascribe any meaning to the magnitude ̸ abc when b = a or b = c. As
Axiom 6 indicates, however, we take “degenerate” triangles to have area 0. Once Euclid
has proved two triangles congruent (i.e., once he has shown that all their parts are equal),
he uses the fact that they have the same area, without comment. The last axiom simply
makes this explicit.
Of course, there are further properties involving magnitudes that can be read off from
a diagram, and, conversely, metric considerations can imply diagrammatic facts. These
“transfer inferences” are the subject of the next section.
3.6. Transfer inferences.
We divide the transfer inferences into three groups, depend-
ing on whether they involve segment lengths, angles, or areas.
Diagram-segment transfer axioms
1. If b is between a and c, then ab + bc = ac.
2. If a is the center of α and β, b is on α, c is on β, and ab = ac, then α = β.
3. If a is the center of α and b is on α, then ac = ab if and only if c is on α.
4. If a is the center of α and b is on α, then ac < ab if and only if c is inside α.
The second axiom implies that a circle is determined by its center and radius. In the
discussion in Section 4.3, we will explain that this is a mild departure from Euclid’s
treatment of circles. (Euclid seems to rely on a construction rule which has the same net
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
723
effect.) When α = β, this axiom implies the converse direction of the equivalence in
Axiom 3 (so that axiom could be stated instead as an implication).
Diagram-angle transfer axioms
1. Suppose a ̸= b, a ̸= c, a is on L, and b is on L. Then c is on L and a is not between
b and c if and only if ̸ bac = 0.
2. Suppose a is on L and M, b is on L, c is on M, a ̸= q, a ̸= c, d is not on L or M,
and L ̸= M. Then ̸ bac = ̸ bad + ̸ dac if and only if b and d are on the same side
of M and c and d are on the same side of L.
3. Suppose a and b are points on L, c is between a and b, and d is not on L. Then
̸ acd = ̸ dcb if and only if ̸ acd is equal to right-angle.
4. Suppose a, b, and b′ are on L, a, c, and c′ are on M, b ̸= a, b′ ̸= a, c ̸= a, c′ ̸= a,
a is not between b and b′, and a is not between c and c′. Then ̸ bac = ̸ b′ac′.
5. Suppose a and b are on L, b and c are on M, and c and d are on N. Suppose also
that b ̸= c, a and d are on the same side of N, and ̸ abc + ̸ bcd < right-angle +
right-angle. Then L and N intersect, and if e is on L and N, then e and a are on the
same side of M.
The ﬁrst axiom says that if a and b are distinct points on a line L, then a point c is
on L on the same side of a as b if and only if ̸ bac = 0. The right-hand side of the
equivalence in the second axiom can be read more simply as the assertion that d lies inside
the angle bac. Thus the axiom implies that angles sum in the expected way. The third
axiom corresponds to Euclid’s Deﬁnition 10, “when a straight line set up on a straight line
makes the adjacent angles equal to one another, each of the equal angles is called right....”
It also, at the same time, codiﬁes Postulate 4, “all right angles are equal to one another,”
using the constant, “right-angle,” to describe the magnitude that all right angles are equal
to. The fourth axiom says that different descriptions of the same angle are equal; more
precisely, if ab and ab′ are the same ray, and likewise for ac and ac′, then abc and ab′c are
equal.
Euclid’s wording may make it seem more natural to use a predicate to assert that abc
forms a right angle, rather than using a constant, “right-angle,” to denote an arbitrary right
angle. But Euclid seems to refer to an arbitrary right angle in his statement of this parallel
postulate, which, in the Heath translation, states:
That, if a straight line falling on two straight lines make the interior
angles on the same side less than two right angles, the two straight lines,
if produced indeﬁnitely, meet on that side on which are the angles less
than the two right angles. (Euclid, 1956, p. 155)
Fig. 6. Diagram-angle transfer axiom 5.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
724
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Fig. 7. Superposition.
Formulated in this way, a better name for the axiom might be the “nonparallel postulate”:
it asserts that if the diagram conﬁguration satisﬁes the given metric constraints on the
angles, then two of the lines are guaranteed to intersect. The postulate translates to the
last axiom above, which licenses the construction “let e be the intersection of L and N.”
Furthermore, assuming e is the intersection of L and N, the postulate speciﬁes the side
of M on which e lies.
Diagram-area transfer axioms
1. If a and b are on L and a ̸= b, then △abc = 0 if and only if c is on L.
2. If a, b, c are on L and distinct from one another, d is not on L, then c is between a
and b if and only if △acd + △dcb = △adb.
The second axiom implies that when a triangle is divided in two, the areas sum in the
expected way.
3.7. Superposition.
We now come to the ﬁnal two inferences in our system, Euclid’s
notorious “superposition inferences,” which vexed commentators through the ages (see
the references in Section 3.2). Euclid’s Proposition I.4 states the familiar “side-angle-
side” property, namely that if two triangles abc and def are such that ab, ac are con-
gruent to de, df respectively, and bac is congruent to angle edf, then the two triangles
are congruent. The proof proceeds by imagining abc superimposed on def. In the Heath
translation:
For, if the triangle abc be applied to the triangle def , and if the point a
be placed on the point d and the straight line ab on de, then the point
b will also coincide with e, because ab is equal to de....(Euclid, 1956,
p. 247)
At issue is what it means to “apply” abc to another triangle in such a way. Euclid
has not yet proved that one can construct a copy of a′b′c′ of abc that will meet the
given constraints. This requires one to be able to copy a given angle, which is Euclid’s
Proposition I.23. The chain of reasoning leading to that proposition includes Proposition
I.4 as a component. The same issue arises in the proof of Proposition I.8, which uses a
superposition argument to establish the “side-side-side” property.
How, then, shall we treat superposition? One possibility is simply to add two new
construction rules. The ﬁrst would assert that given an angle abc, a point d on a line L, a
point g on L, and a point h not on L, one can construct points a′, b′, c′ such that a′ = d,
̸ a′b′c′ = ̸ abc, b′ lies on L in the direction determined by g, and c′ lies on the same side
of L as h. The second says that given a triangle abc, a point d on a line L, a point g on L,
and a point h not on L, one can ﬁnd points a′, b′, c′ as above with ab, bc, ca congruent to
a′b′, b′c′, c′a′, respectively. These new construction rules would certainly allow us to carry
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
725
out the proofs of Propositions I.4 and I.8, but the solution is not at all satisfying: Euclid
takes great pains to derive the fact that one can carry out constructions like these, using
Propositions I.4 and I.8 along the way.
A second possibility is simply to add Propositions I.4 and I.8, the SAS and SSS proper-
ties, as axioms. But, once again, this is not a satisfactory solution, since it fails to explain
why Euclid takes the trouble to prove them.
Our formulation of E provides a third, more elegant solution. What superposition allows
one to do is to act as though one has the result of doing the constructions above, but only
for the sake of proving things about objects that are already present in the diagram. In
proof theoretic parlance, superposition is used as an elimination rule: if you can derive a
conclusion assuming the existence of some new objects, you can infer that the conclusion
holds without the additional assumption. In Euclid’s case, one is barred, however, from
using the assumption to construct new objects.
This has a straightforward formulation as a sequent inference. Suppose ,  includes
assertions to the effect that abc are distinct and noncollinear, and g, L, and h are as above.
Let 	1 be the set
{a′ = d, ̸ a′b′c′ = ̸ abc, on(b′, L), ¬between(b′, d, g), same-side(c′, h, L)}
corresponding to the result of SAS superposition, and let 	2 be the set
{a′ = d, ab = a′b′, bc = b′c′, ca = c′a′, on(b′, L), ¬between(b′, d, g),
same-side(c′, h, L)}
corresponding to the results of SSS superposition. Then the rules can be expressed as
 ⇒∃⃗x. 
, , 	i ⇒′
 ⇒∃⃗x. , ′
where i is equal to 1, 2, respectively.
3.8. The notion of a “direct consequence”.
We have characterized “the diagram” in a
Euclidean proof as the collection of diagrammatic facts that have been established, either
by construction or by inference, at a given point in the proof; and we have characterized
the “diagrammatic inferences” as those diagrammatic facts that are “direct consequences”
of those. The goal of this section is to complete the description of E by spelling out an
adequate notion of “direct consequence.”
Our attempts to deﬁne such a notion are constrained by a number of desiderata. The ﬁrst
is ﬁdelity to Euclid:
•
The direct consequences of a set of diagrammatic hypotheses should provide an
adequate model of the diagrammatic facts that Euclid makes use of in a proof, either
explicitly or in licensing a construction or a metric conclusion, without explicit
justiﬁcation.
The next two are more mathematical:
•
Any direct consequence should be, in particular, a ﬁrst-order consequence of the
diagrammatic axioms and diagrammatic facts in , .
•
Conversely, any diagrammatic assertion that is a ﬁrst-order consequence of the
diagrammatic axioms should be derivable in E, though not necessarily in one step.
The ﬁrst constraint says that direct consequences of a set of diagrammatic assertions should
be sound with respect to the set of ﬁrst-order consequences of the diagrammatic axioms.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
726
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
The second constraint says that together with the other methods of proof provided by E,
they should be complete as well. We will see that there is a lot of ground between these
two constraints. For example, they can be met by taking the direct consequences to be all
ﬁrst-order consequences. But this overshoots our ﬁrst desideratum, since it would let us
make direct inferences that Euclid spells out more explicitly. Nor does it sit well with the
notion of “directness.” Since we are dealing with a universal theory in a language with no
function symbols, the set of literals that are consequences of a given set  of literals is
decidable: one only need extract all instances of the axioms among the variables in , and
use a decision procedure for propositional logic. But this is unlikely to be computationally
feasible,6 and we expect a “direct” inference to be more tame than that. Thus our third
desiderata is of a computational nature:
•
The problem of determining whether a literal is a direct consequence of some
diagrammatic facts should be, in some sense, computationally tractable.
The notion of tractability should be taken with a grain of salt. It is loosely related to
the practical question as to whether one can implement a proof checker for our formal
system which performs reasonably on formalized proofs of statements in the Elements, a
question we address in Section 6. But it is worth keeping in mind that even our theoretical
characterization is only intended to be compelling at the level of complexity found in
proofs in the Elements. When a diagram has millions of points, lines, and circles, we may
be faulted for sanctioning “direct” inferences that cannot be carried out with our limited
cognitive apparatus. But even propositional logic, as a model of logical inference, is subject
to the same criticisms: can we really “recognize” an instance of modus ponens when the
formulas involved have more than 2100 symbols?
To develop a notion of direct consequence, let us begin by noting that most of our axioms
are naturally expressed as rules; in other words, they have the form
if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn then ψ
where ϕ1, . . . , ϕn, ψ are literals. The example in Section 2.2 suggests that we should be
able to chain such rules; that is, whenever we know ϕ1, . . . , ϕn, we also know ψ, and can
use ψ to secure further knowledge. Occasionally, our diagrammatic axioms are not quite
in rule form, with either a disjunction among the hypothesis or a conjunction in the conclu-
sion. But this can be viewed as a notational convenience; the rule “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn then ψ
and θ” is equivalent to the pair of rules “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn then ψ” and “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn
then θ,” and the rule “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn and either θ or η then ψ” is equivalent to the pair
of rules “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn and θ then ψ” and “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn and η then ψ.”
A moment’s reﬂection, however, shows that we should also allow “contrapositive” vari-
ants of our rules. For example, consider the ﬁrst Pasch axiom:
if b is between a and c and a and c are on the same side of L, then a
and b are on the same side of L.
Certainly, if we know that b is between a and c and that a and c are on the same side
of L, we should be allowed to infer that a and b are on the same side of L. But suppose
we know that b is between a and c but that the conclusion fails, that is, a and b are not on
the same side of L. Drawing a picture or imagining the situation in our mind’s eye enables
6 We do not, however, have a lower bound on the computational complexity of the decision problem
associated with our particular set of axioms.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
727
us to see, straightforwardly, that the second hypothesis fails, that is, a and c are not on the
same side of L. In other words, we should include the rule
if b is between a and c and a and b are not on the same side of L then a
and c are not on the same side of L
as a variant of the above. More generally, we should read the rule “if ϕ1, ϕ2, . . . , ϕn then ψ”
as the disjunction
either not ϕ1, or not ϕ2, or ..., or not ϕn, or ψ
and infer any disjunct once we know that the others are false. This is exactly the notion
of direct consequence that we adopt: we take the set of direct consequences of a set of
diagrammatic assertions to be the set obtained by closing the set under the inferences just
described.
Let us spell out the details more precisely. For simplicity, we initially restrict our atten-
tion to propositional logic. A clause is simply a ﬁnite set of propositional literals; think
of each clause as representing the associated disjunction. Let S be a set of propositional
clauses and let  be a set of propositional literals. Take negation as an operation mapping
literals to literals, that is, identify ¬¬p with p. We deﬁne the set of direct consequences
of  under S to be the smallest set ′ of literals that includes  and is closed under the
following rule: if {ϕ1, . . . , ϕn} is a clause in S and ¬ϕ1, . . . , ¬ϕn−1 are all in ′, then
ϕn is in ′. In other words, ′ is obtained by starting with the literals in  and applying
the rule above to add literals, one at a time, until no more literals can be added. We adopt
the understanding, however, that if ′ contains an atomic formula and its negation, then it
contains every literal; in other words, everything is a consequence of a contradiction.
We now provide an alternative characterization of the set ′. Consider a sequent calculus
formulation of intuitionistic logic (Buss, 1998; Troelstra & Schwichtenberg, 2000), with
sequents of the form 	 ⇒ϕ, intended to denote that the set of hypotheses in 	 entails
ϕ. Take the “contrapositive variants” of any clause {ϕ1, . . . , ϕn} to be the sequents of the
form {¬ϕ1, . . . , ¬ϕn−1} ⇒ϕn, again with the understanding that if A is atomic then ¬¬A
is replaced by A.
PROPOSITION 3.1. Let S be a set of clauses, and let , θ be a set of propositional
literals. The following are equivalent:
1. θ is a direct consequence of  under S.
2. There is an intuitionistic proof of the sequent ⇒θ from initial sequents that are
either contrapositive variants of the clauses in S or of the form ⇒ψ, where ψ is a
formula in .
Proof. The implication from 1 to 2 is straightforward, since adding to ′ the result
of applying our rule of inference with one of the clauses in S is equivalent to inferring
the consequence of the implication given by a contrapositive variant of that clause. The
fact that as soon as ′ contains an atomic formula and its negation we take every literal
to be a direct consequence follows from the fact that ⊥, and hence every formula, is an
intuitionistic consequence of an atomic formula and its negation.
Conversely, suppose there is an intuitionistic proof of ⇒ψ from the initial sequents
described in 2. Then by a version of cut elimination theorem for the intuitionistic sequent
calculus with axioms and additional rules (Buss, 1998, Theorem 2.4.5 or Troelstra &
Schwichtenberg, 2000, Section 4.5.1), there is a proof in which every cut formula is a
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
728
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
literal. Since there are no other logical connectives in the initial sequents or conclusion, the
only other rules used are the rules for negation and the “ex falso” rule 	, ⊥⇒η.
We can therefore obtain the desired conclusion by proving the following claim:
Suppose d is a proof of a sequent {θ1, . . . , θn} ⇒η from the initial
sequents described in 2, using only the negation rules, ex falso, and the
cut rule restricted to literals. Then for any ′′ ⊇,
1. if θ1, . . . , θn are in ′′, then η is in the closure of ′′ under S; and
2. if η is ⊥and θ1, . . . , θn−1 are in ′′, then ¬θn is in the closure of ′′ under S.
This can be proved by a straightforward induction on d. Suppose the last inference of d
is the cut rule,
θ1, . . . , θn ⇒α
θ1, . . . , θn, α ⇒η
θ1, . . . , θn ⇒η
.
If η is not ⊥, applying the inductive hypothesis to the left subproof yields that for any
′′ ⊇, if θ1, . . . , θn are in ′′, then α is in the closure of ′′ under S. Applying the
inductive hypothesis to the right subproof and ′′, α yields that η is in the closure of ′′, α
under S, and hence in the closure of ′′ under S, as required. The case where η is ⊥is
similar.
Handling the other rules is straightforward. For example, if the last inference of d is a
left negation introduction, it is of the following form:
θ1, . . . , θn−1 ⇒α
θ1, . . . , θn−1, ¬α ⇒η.
In that case, the desired conclusions are obtained by applying the inductive hypothesis to
the immediate subproof.
□
In the statement of the last proposition, instead of taking all contrapositive variants
of the clauses in S, one can equivalently take any one contrapositive variant of each
clause in S, if we also add the following rule of double negation elimination for atomic
formulas:
	, ¬A ⇒⊥
	 ⇒A
.
This has the net effect of making ¬¬A equivalent to A. But it is important to recognize
that this is not the same as adding the law of the excluded middle, A ∨¬A, for
atomic formulas. Indeed, this is exactly what is missing from the notion of a direct
consequence. For example, suppose S has rules “if A and B then C” and “if A and not
B then C.” Then C is certainly a classical propositional consequence of {A} under these
rules, since C follows from B and from ¬B. But it is not a direct consequence. This
distinction is what makes the notion of a direct consequence well suited to modeling the
diagrammatic inferences in the Elements. Euclid does explicitly introduce case splits when
they are needed, and so any inference that requires considering differentdiagrammatic
conﬁgurations, in an essential way, should not count as “reading off from the diagram.”
These case splits make all the difference: the next two propositions show that, in
the propositional setting, they mark the difference between the complexity classes P
and NP.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
729
PROPOSITION 3.2. Let  be a set of literals and let S be a set of clauses. The question
“is θ a direct consequence of  under S?” can be decided in time polynomial in the size
of  and S.
Proof. If the encoding of  and S have length n, they contain at most n propositional
variables. Starting with the literals in , iteratively apply the closure rule using clauses in
S, until θ is added, or the set becomes inconsistent, or no further rules can be applied. Each
step of the iteration amounts to scanning through the clauses in S and matching against
literals already in ′ to see whether a new literal can be added, and can be carried out in
time polynomial in n. At each step, at least one literal is added the set ′ of consequences,
so the process terminates in at most n + 1 steps.
□
PROPOSITION 3.3. Suppose one augments intuitionistic logic with the following rule:
	, A ⇒η
	, ¬A ⇒η
	 ⇒η
where A is an atomic formula and 	, η is a set of literals. Then a sequent ⇒θ is
provable from the initial sequents described in Proposition 3.1 if and only if θ is a classical
consequence of  together with the clauses in S. Hence, in the presence of such case splits,
the problem of determining whether a literal is a consequence of S is NP complete.
Proof. Since the rule for case splits is classically valid, it is clear that if ⇒θ is provable
from the initial sequents 3.1, it is a classical consequence of  together with the clauses
in S.
Conversely, given ⇒θ, we can work backward and apply case splits until at each node
we have a sequent 	 ⇒θ such that for every propositional variable p occurring in  and
S, either p or ¬p is in 	. If each such sequent is classically inconsistent with  and the
clauses in S, we obtain a proof of ⇒θ. Otherwise, at least one such 	 describes a truth
assignment which is consistent with  and S but makes θ false, showing that θ is not a
classical consequence of  together with the clauses in S.
To prove the ﬁnal claim in the lemma, let S be any set of propositional clauses, and
let p be a new propositional variable. Then S is satisﬁable if and only if p is not a
classical consequence of S. The claim follows from the fact that the satisﬁability of a
set of propositional clauses is NP complete.
□
We now turn to the ﬁrst-order setting. Suppose S is a set of clauses, where now a clause
is a ﬁnite set of ﬁrst-order literals. Interpret these as universal axioms; that is, a clause
{ϕ1, . . . , ϕn} represents the universal closure of the associated disjunction. If  is a set of
literals, deﬁne the set ′ of direct consequences of  under S as before, but now using
arbitrary substitution instances of the clauses in S.
Focusing on E in particular, we take the direct consequences of a set of diagrammatic
assertions, , to be the set of direct consequences of  under the set of rules given in
Section 3.4. Note that the language of E has no function symbols returning values in
the diagram sorts. Since there are a ﬁxed number of relation symbols, given n variables
ranging over points, lines, and circles, one can bound the number of literals involving these
variables with a polynomial in n. The preceding propositions then show that our notion of
direct consequence has the following desirable properties.
THEOREM 3.4. Every direct consequence of a set of diagrammatic assertions is a ﬁrst-
order consequence of these assertions and the diagrammatic axioms.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
730
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
THEOREM 3.5. Any literal that is a classical consequence of a set of diagrammatic as-
sertions and diagrammatic axioms can be proved from those diagrammatic assertions in E.
THEOREM 3.6. Let  be a set of diagrammatic assertions involving at most n points,
lines, and circles. Whether or not a particular literal is a direct diagrammatic consequence
of  can be determined in time polynomial in n.
Note that “polynomial time computable” need not mean feasible in practice. Since
“between” is a ternary relation, with 10 points, for example, we have to keep track of a 1000
potential betweenness assertions. On the other hand, experiments described in Section 6
suggest that even the full set of quantiﬁer-free consequences can be feasibly obtained for
reasonable diagrams, so that our system should be practically implementable as well.
We should also provide an account of what it means to be a direct metric consequence.
It would be perhaps most faithful to Euclid to add a ﬁnite list of variants extending the
list of axioms given in Section 3.5, allowing one to add equal segments to a segment in
either order, and so on. But recognizing ab and ba as the same quantity, or ab + cd and
cd + ab as the same quantity, should not need explicit justiﬁcation; in general, a prover
should be allowed to identify terms up to associativity, commutativity, and symmetric
transformations without further comment. There are very simple computational devices
that make this easy to implement in practice (Dershowitz & Plaisted, 2001), and it is the
kind of thing we (like Euclid) take for granted, and so we take these to be built into E.
In fact, we would not be doing too much damage to Euclid if we allowed any metric
consequence of previous metric facts to be inferred in one step. This, too, has an easy
computational implementation. As noted above, the theory is just the universal fragment
of the theory of linearly ordered groups. Decision procedures for this theory have been
studied extensively, and at the level of complexity one ﬁnds in Euclid’s proofs, even the
naive “Fourier–Motzkin” algorithm performs quite well in practice. (See Bockmayr &
Weispfenning, 2001 for an overview of such methods.)
Finally, to handle the transfer axioms, we allow the prover to assert, in one step, the
conclusion of any single rule where the hypotheses are all direct diagrammatic or metric
consequences of the available data, that is the diagrammatic and metric assertions in
, . Note that almost all these axioms can be described by clauses where exactly one
of the literals is a metric assertion. (The exception is the third diagram-angle transfer
axiom, which characterizes the notion of a “right angle” by stating an equivalence between
two metric assertions in the context of some diagrammatic information. But this could
be replaced by the Euclidean theorem that if a line is cut by a transversal, the adjacent
angles add up to two right angles.) Sometimes Euclid takes certain metric information to
be so clear from the diagram that he uses it without asserting it explicitly; these include,
for example, our diagram-angle Axiom 4, which asserts that different descriptions of the
same angle have the same magnitude. In cases like that, one could modify our deﬁnition
of “metric consequence” so that consequences of the diagram like these are added to the
“store” of available metric hypotheses automatically.
This concludes our presentation of E. The fact that there is room to tinker with our notion
of “direct consequence” by expanding or contracting the allowable inferences should help
clarify the nature of our project. In order to show, in Section 5, that E is sound and complete
with respect to the relevant “ruler-and-compass” semantics, our one-step inferences have
to be sound, and the full proof system has to be complete. This gives us a lot of latitude in
deﬁning the “one-step” inferences. The fact that soundness and completeness do so little
to constrain our choice shows that we are trying to capture something more ﬁne grained
than the entailment relation for Euclidean geometry. Rather, we are trying to understand
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
731
Euclidean proof, which requires an understanding of the sorts of inferences that are taken
to be basic in the Elements. So, where Euclid draws an immediate conclusion from the
data available in a proof, it should be possible to carry out that inference in one step, or
at most a few steps, in our formal system. On the other hand, in cases where Euclid invokes
a chain of steps to reach a conclusion, our system should not sanction that inference as
“direct.” The extent to which our system meets these constraints is the subject of the next
section.
Ziegler (1982) has shown that the notion of validity for ruler-and-compass semantics is
undecidable. (His proof shows that the set of ∀∃∀consequences of any ﬁnitely axiomatized
fragment of the theory of real closed ﬁelds is undecidable. It is, however, still an open
question whether the set of ∀∃consequences, which correspond to the geometric assertions
that can be expressed in E, is decidable.) It is therefore interesting to note that, in principle,
one can expand our notion of “direct consequence” dramatically and maintain decidability.
THEOREM 3.7. The question as to whether a given literal is a ﬁrst-order consequence
of a ﬁnite set of literals and the set of all our diagrammatic, metric, and transfer axioms is
decidable.
Proof. The problem is equivalent to determining whether a ﬁnite set  of literals is
consistent with the diagrammatic, metric, and transfer axioms. Write  = 	 ∪
 where
	 consists of the diagrammatic literals and 
 consists of the metric literals. By splitting
on cases, we can assume without loss of generality that for every diagrammatic atomic
formula ϕ involving the variables occurring in , either ϕ or ¬ϕ is in 	. There are,
moreover, only ﬁnitely many substitution instances of the axioms in question with the
variables occurring in . Modulo 	, all these axioms are equivalent to quantiﬁer-free
formulas over the metric sorts. We can then use a decision procedure for linear arithmetic
to decide whether the resulting set of formulas, together with 
, is satisﬁable.
□
This means that if decidability, soundness, and completeness for ruler-and-compass
semantics were the only constraints, we could take proofs in E to be nothing more than
a sequence of construction steps, followed by “Q.E.D.” (or “Q.E.F.”). Due to the case
splits, however, this naive algorithm runs in exponential time, and will be infeasible in
practice.
§4. Comparison with the Elements.
In this section, we argue that E provides an
adequate modeling of the proofs in Books I–IV of the Elements, according to the criteria
presented in Section 2. In Section 4.1 we focus on the language of the Elements, and in
Section 4.2 we present some examples to illustrate how Euclid’s proofs are represented in
E. In Section 4.3, we explore some of the ways in which proofs in E differ from Euclid’s,
and in Section 4.4 we compare our axiomatic basis to his. Finally, Section 4.5 provides
a few more examples of proofs, some of a technical nature, that will be needed in our
completeness proof in Section 5.
4.1. Language.
We begin with a discussion of the language of the Elements. Since
we have chosen a fairly minimal language for E, we need to ﬁx some conventions for
interpreting the less regimented and more expansive language in Euclid. For example, in
the Elements, Euclid takes lines to be line segments, although Postulate 2 (“to produce
a ﬁnite straight line continuously in a straight line”) allows any segment to be extended
indeﬁnitely. Distinguishing between ﬁnite segments and their extensions to lines makes
it clear that at any given point in a proof, the diagrammatic information is limited to a
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
732
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
bounded portion of the plane. But, otherwise, little is lost by taking entire lines to be basic
objects of the formal system. So where Euclid writes, for example, “let a and b be points,
and extend segment ab to c,” we would write “let a and b be distinct points, let L be the
line through a and b, and let c be a point on L extending the segment from a to b.” Insofar
as there is a fairly straightforward translation between Euclid’s terminology and ours, we
take such differences to be relatively minor.
Our basic diagrammatic terms include words like “on,” “between,” “inside,” and “same
side.” It is worth noting that such words rarely occur explicitly in the Elements. Dia-
grammatic assertions are sometimes implicitly present in the result of a construction; in
the example of the last paragraph, we use “b is between a and c” to represent one of
the outcomes of the diagrammatic construction. Euclid also sometimes uses the physical
diagram to convey a diagrammatic assertion. For example, in the ﬁrst proof in Section 2.1,
the diagram shows that point d is on ab. Diagrammatic information is also implicit in some
of Euclid’s more complicated locutions; for example, we need to analyze the Euclidean
assertion “abc is a triangle” in terms of our more basic primitives. But, overall, it is
remarkable how little diagrammatic information needs to be asserted in the text. One
striking exception occurs in conveying the diagrammatic notion of being parallel (which we
model with the diagrammatic predicate “does not intersect”): there is no way to represent
the nonintersection of two lines in a diagram, and so Euclid uses the term “parallel”
explicitly in Propositions 27–47 of Book I to make the assertion.
Modeling Euclid’s limited use of explicit diagrammatic assertions has been a central
goal in the design of E. Although one is allowed to enter diagrammatic assertions like “a
is between b and c” and “a and b are on the same side of L” in proofs in E, the point is
that often one does not need to. For example, if the fact that b is between a and c is a direct
consequence of diagrammatic assertions in the hypotheses of the theorem and previous
construction steps, then, using a transfer axiom, one can simply assert that ab + bc = ac,
without further justiﬁcation. Thus our choice of diagrammatic primitives was designed,
primarily, to function internally, and keep track of the information that is required to license
construction steps and explicit metric inferences.
(We remind you that, in contrast to Tarski’s and Hilbert’s axiomatizations of geometry,
we use between(a, b, c) to denote that b is strictly between a and c. This choice makes
our translation, in Section 5, to a formal system based on Tarski’s axioms slightly more
complicated. On the other hand, it does seem to correspond more closely to Euclidean
practice; see the discussion in Section 2.5. Interestingly, as noted in Section 6 below, it
also seems to provide better performance in implementations.)
Having discussed our choice of diagrammatic primitives, we comment brieﬂy on our
modeling of metric assertions. In the Heath translation of Euclid, one ﬁnds phrases like
“the base ab is equal to the base de,” “angle abc is greater than angle def,” and “angles
abc, cbd are equal to two right angles.” We model these in our formal system with the
metric assertions ab = de, ̸ abc > ̸ def, and ̸ abc + ̸ cbd = right-angle + right-angle.
In reasoning about such quantities, Euclid uses basic properties of an ordered group. For
example, in the middle of the text of Proposition I.13, we ﬁnd:
...since the angle dba is equal to the two angles dbe, eba, let the angle
abc be added to each; therefore the angles dba, abc are equal to the three
angles dbe, eba, abc. But the angles cbe, ebd were proved equal to the
same three angles; and things which are equal to the same thing are equal
to one another; therefore the angles cbe, ebd are also equal to the angles
dba, abc. (Euclid, 1956, p. 275)
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
733
In our system, this sequence of assertions would be represented as follows:
̸ dba = ̸ dbe + ̸ eba
̸ dba + ̸ abc = ̸ dbe + ̸ eba + ̸ abc
̸ cbe + ̸ ebd = ̸ dbe + ̸ eba + ̸ abc
̸ cbe + ̸ ebd = ̸ dba + ̸ abc.
In the example, the ﬁrst assertion is a metric consequence of diagrammatic information,
namely that the point e is in the interior of the angle dba. The third assertion is echoed
from earlier in the proof, and the other two are obtained using axioms of equality. Even
though Euclid does not use a symbol for addition or the word “sum,” it is clear from
the text that his usage of magnitudes “taken together” is modeled well by the modern
notions.
Other locutions found in Euclid can be modeled as “deﬁnitional extensions” of E. For
example, consider the phrase “let abc be a triangle.” Assuming we take this to mean a
nondegenerate triangle, we parse this as saying that a, b, and c are points, and there are
lines L, M, and N, such that a and b are on L but c is not, b and c are on M but a is not, and
c and a are on N but b is not. Furthermore, the Euclidean phrase “let ab be produced to d”
involves picking a point d on L extending the segment from a to b, and so on. Adequate
modeling of Euclidean talk of triangles thus involves introducing mild forms of “syntactic
sugar” to E.
When it comes to areas, we have only introduced a primitive for the area of a triangle.
Books I to IV also deal with areas of parallelograms (including squares and rectangles)
and, in the proof of Proposition I.35, a trapezoid. One could introduce a new primitive to
denote the area of a convex quadrilateral (convexity can be deﬁned in the language of E),
with appropriate axioms. Alternatively, one can deﬁne the area of a convex quadrilateral
abcd to be the sum of the areas of triangles abc and acd, and then introduce the requisite
properties as “derived rules.” Extending E to handle the area of arbitrary convex polygons
(i.e., convex polygons with an arbitrary number of sides) would require a more dramatic
extension, but this notion never arises in the Elements.
One can prove in E that one can pick an arbitrary point in a triangle, say, or in a
rectangle, but these facts require proof, even though they are diagrammatically obvious.
To our knowledge, however, Euclid never does this. To model subsequent developments
in geometry, one would probably need to extend E with a uniform treatment of convex
ﬁgures.
There are a number of concepts found in later books of the Elements that we have
not incorporated into E. For example, Book V introduces the notion of multiples and
ratios; propositions in Book VI refer to arbitrary polygons; and Book VII, which intro-
duces elementary number theory, refers to arbitrary (ﬁnite) collections of numbers. It
would be interesting to extend E to model the Euclidean treatment of such concepts as
well.
In our formulation of E, one is allowed to carry out arguments by case splits on an atomic
formula. Case splits in Euclid can be slightly more expressive; for example, knowing that
angles abc and abd do not coincide, Euclid may consider the two cases abc < abd and
abc > abd. We would model this by ﬁrst splitting on the assertion ̸ abc < ̸ abd; then
in the case ̸ abc ̸< ̸ abd, we would employ a second case split on the predicate ̸ abc =
̸ abd, the positive instance which has already been ruled out. We maintain that all case
arguments occurring in the ﬁrst four books of the Elements can be obtained in this way,
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
734
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
using a sequence of atomic splits to obtain an exhaustive list of possibilities (e.g., if a is a
point not on a line L, then another point b is either on the same side of L as a, on L, or on
the opposite side of L), some of which are ruled out immediately (implying ⊥, and hence
the desired conclusion right away). Once again, mild forms of “syntactic sugar” would
allow one to express these case splits more compactly, resulting in proofs in E that more
closely model the ones in Euclid.
When different diagrammatic conﬁgurations are possible, Euclid will sometimes prove
only one case. Often this case is truly “without loss of generality,” which is to say, the other
case (or cases) are entirely symmetric. In E, strictly speaking, we would have to repeat the
proof; but one could introduce a syntactic term, “similarly,” to denote such a repetition.
However, as Heath points out repeatedly, Euclid often proves only the most difﬁcult case
of a proposition and omits the others, even though they may require a different argument;
indeed, much of Proclus’ commentary is devoted to supplying proofs of the additional
cases (see, e.g., the notes to Propositions 2, 7, 25, and 35 in Euclid, 1956, Book I). Of
course, in cases like this E requires the full argument. There is no reasonable syntactic
account of the phrase “left to reader,” and we do not purport to provide one.
4.2. Examples of proofs in E.
In this section, we provide some examples of proofs
in our formal system E, assuming the kinds of “syntactic sugar” described in the last
section. We include diagrams to render the proofs intelligible, but we emphasize that
they play no role in the formal system. To improve readability, we use both the words
“Have” and “Hence” to introduce assertions, generally using “Have” to introduce new
metric assertions that are inferred from the diagram, and “Hence” to introduce assertions
that follow from previous metric assertions. But these words play no role in the logical
system; all that matters are the actual assertions that follow. For the sake of intelligibility,
we also sometimes add comments, in brackets. Once again, these play no role in the formal
proof. Since the point of this exercise is to demonstrate that proofs in E are faithful to the
text of the Elements, we recommend comparing our versions with Euclid’s.
Proposition 1 of Book I requires one, “on a given straight line, to construct an equilateral
triangle.”
PROPOSITION I.1.
Assume a and b are distinct points.
Construct point c such that ab = bc and bc = ca.
Proof.
Let α be the circle with center a passing through b.
Let β be the circle with center b passing through a.
Let c be a point on the intersection of α and β.
Have ab = ac [since they are radii of α].
Have ba = bc [since they are radii of β].
Hence ab = bc and bc = ca.
Q.E.F.
□
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
735
The hypotheses tell us only that a and b are distinct points, but this is enough to license
the construction of α and β, by Rule 2 of the construction rules for lines and circles.
Rule 5 of diagram rules for intersections gives us the diagrammatic fact that α and β
intersect. Rule 6 of the construction rules for intersection then allows us to pick a point of
intersection. Rule 3 of the diagram-segment transfer axioms then allows us to conclude that
the given segments are equal, since they are radii of the two circles. Using metric inferences
(the symmetry of line segments and transitivity of equality) gives us that ab = bc = ca.
Our proof does not establish, per se, that c is distinct from a and b, and this is an
assumption that Euclid uses freely when applying the theorem. Fortunately, this is an easy
metric consequence.
AUXILIARY TO PROPOSITION I.1.
Assume a and b are distinct points, ab = bc, and bc = ca.
Then c ̸= a and c ̸= b.
Proof.
Suppose c = a.
Hence a = b.
Contradiction.
Hence c ̸= a.
Suppose c = b.
Hence a = b.
Contradiction.
Hence c ̸= b.
Q.E.D.
□
To show that c is distinct from a, we suppose, to the contrary, that c = a. Then direct
metric inferences give us ac = 0, ab = 0, and a = b, which is a contradiction. (We use
the word “Contradiction” for “Hence False.”) The fact that c and b are distinct is proved in
the same way.
A more faithful rendering of the proposition might assume “Let a and b be distinct points
on a line, L,” and then also construct the remaining lines M and N of the triangle. If one
uses Proposition I.1 as we initially stated it, one can simply construct M and N afterward.
Euclid also, however, sometimes needs the fact that c is not on the line determined by a
and b. Once again, by E’s lights, this requires a short argument.
AUXILIARY TO PROPOSITION I.1.
Assume a and b are distinct points, a is on L, b is on L, and ab = bc and bc = ca. Then
c is not on L.
Proof.
Suppose c is on L.
Suppose a is between c and b.
Hence ca < bc. Contradiction.
Suppose c = a.
Hence a = b. Contradiction.
Suppose c is between a and b.
Hence ca < ab. Contradiction.
Suppose c = b.
Hence a = b. Contradiction.
Suppose b is between a and c.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
736
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Hence ab < bc. Contradiction.
Contradiction.
Q.E.D.
□
If a and b are distinct points on a line, Euclid often splits implicitly or explicitly on cases
depending on the position of a point c relative to a and b. Strictly speaking, the proof above
could be expressed as a sequence of four nested case splits on atomic formulas. As noted
in the previous section, we can take the proof above to rely on notational conventions, for
readability.
When it is easy to rule out some cases, Euclid often does not say anything at all, where
our rules may require a line or two. The fact that Euclid doesn’t say anything to justify
the nondegeneracy of the triangle constructed in Proposition I.1, where E requires some
(easy but) explicit metric considerations, is a more dramatic difference, and is discussed
in Section 4.3. There, in fact, we note that in the proof of Proposition I.9, Euclid seems to
need a slight strengthening of our Proposition I.1, which asserts that c can be chosen on
either side of the L through a and b. This is easily obtained using Rule 8 instead of Rule 6
of the construction rules for intersections; one only needs to take the trouble to make the
stronger assertion.
Proposition 2 in Book I of the Elements is surprisingly complicated given that it occurs
so early. It is a construction, requiring one “to place at a given point a straight line equal to
a given straight line,” that is, to copy a segment to a given point. This time, we leave it to
you to check that the assertions are justiﬁed by our rules and our notion of direct inference,
providing some hints in the bracketed comments. To simplify the exposition, we appeal to
a version of Proposition I.1 with the additional distinctness claim.
PROPOSITION I.2.
Assume L is a line, b and c are distinct points on L, and a is a point distinct from b and c.
Construct point f such that af = bc.
Proof.
By Proposition I.1 applied to a and b, let d be a point such that d is distinct from a and b
and ab = bd and bd = da.
Let M be the line through d and a.
Let N be the line through d and b.
Let α be the circle with center b passing through c.
Let g be the point of intersection of N and α extending the segment from d to b.
Have dg = db + bg.
Hence dg = da + bg [since da = db].
Hence da < dg.
Let β be the circle with center d passing through g.
Hence a is inside β [since d is the center and da < dg].
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
737
Let f be the intersection of β and M extending the segment from d to a.
Have d f = da + af .
Have d f = dg [since they are both radii of β].
Hence da + af = da + bg.
Hence af = bg.
Have bg = bc [since they are both radii of α].
Hence af = bc.
Q.E.F.
□
Notice that the last construction step requires knowing that a is inside β. We obtain
this, in our proof, using simple metric considerations. We discuss this fact in the next
section.
Let us consider one more example. You may wish to compare the following rendering
of Proposition I.10 to the one given in Section 2.1. Once again, to simplify the exposition,
we appeal to a version of Proposition I.1 with the additional noncollinearity claim. The
proof also appeals to Proposition I.9, which asserts that an angle acb can be bisected. We
take this to be the assertion that there is a point e such that ̸ ace = ̸ bce; with the further
property that if M is the line through c and a, and N is the line through c and b, then e and
b are on the same side of M, and e and a are on the same side of N. The last requirement
could be expressed more naturally with the words “e is inside the angle acb,” though that
locution does not make M and N explicit. This requirement rules out choices of e on the
other side of c which satisfy the same metric conditions.
PROPOSITION I.10. Assume a and b are distinct points on a line L.
Construct a point d such that d is between a and b and ad = db.
Proof. By Proposition I.1 applied to a and b, let c be a point such that ab = bc and
bc = ca and c is not on L.
Let M be the line through c and a.
Let N be the line through c and b.
By Proposition I.9 applied to a, c, b, M, and N, let e be a point such that ̸ ace = ̸ bce, b
and e are on the same side of M, and a and e are on the same side of N.
Let K be the line through c and e.
Let d be the intersection of K and L.
Have ̸ ace = ̸ acd.
Have ̸ bce = ̸ bcd.
By Proposition I.4 applied to a, c, d, b, c, and d have ad = bd.
Q.E.F.
□
As noted in Section 2.1, when applying Proposition I.9, Euclid immediately takes d to
be the point of intersection; we need to bisect the angle and then choose the intersection
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
738
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
explicitly. A direct diagrammatic inference yields the fact that the two lines intersect: the
triple-incidence axioms imply that points a and b are on opposite sides of K, which serves
as the hypothesis to intersection Rule 1. We also need to note that the angles acd and bcd
are then the same as angles ace and bce, which is justiﬁed by metric Rule 6. The fact that
d is between a and b is again the result of a direct diagrammatic inference, using Pasch
Inference 4.
There are some cases where the extent to which formal proofs in E match Euclid’s
is particularly impressive. For example, Proposition 1 of Book III is “to ﬁnd the cen-
ter of a given circle.” This may seem strange, since Euclid’s deﬁnitions seem to sug-
gest that every circle comes “equipped” with its center;7 but the proposition makes it
clear that we can be “given” a circle on its own. The fact that we use a relation symbol
rather than a function symbol to pick out the center of a circle makes our formaliza-
tion of Proposition III.1 as ∃a. center(a, γ ) perfectly natural, and the proof is essentially
Euclid’s.
For another example, Proposition 2 of Book III shows that circles are convex—more
precisely, that the chord of a circle lies inside the circle. This, too, is somewhat surprising,
since that fact seems to be as obvious as anything one is allowed to “read off” from a
diagram. But in E, one needs a proof using metric considerations, as in Euclid. Thus E can
help “explain” some puzzling features of the Elements.
4.3. Departures from the Elements.
In this section, we discuss some instances where
proofs in the Elements do not accord as well with the rules of E. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the
most common type of departure involves cases where Euclid’s arguments are not detailed
enough, by the standards of E. Among these cases, two situations are typical: ﬁrst, Euclid is
sometimes content to consider only one case when E demands a case analysis, and, second,
Euclid sometimes reads directly from the diagram a geometric relation which in E must be
licensed by a transfer rule. We will consider examples of each, in turn.
As pointed out in Section 3.2, Euclid occasionally reasons by cases to establish a propo-
sition. When Euclid carries out such a case analysis, E typically provides a natural account
of the proof. But when E demands a case analysis, Euclid does not always provide one.
For an example, consider Euclid’s proof of problem which demands the construction of
an angle bisector (see Figure 8). After constructing equal segments ad and ae on the
two sides of the given angle (with vertex a), Euclid joins d and e and constructs on
the segment the equilateral triangle d f e. The vertex f of the triangle is then joined with
the vertex a of the angle, and it is then argued that this segment bisects the angle. Euclid
takes it as given that the point f falls within the angle. In E, however, one cannot. Though
one may stipulate that f falls on the side of the segment de opposite the point a, one
cannot assume anything about a’s position with respect to the sides of the angle. One
must consider the cases where f falls on or outside the angle, and show that they are
impossible.8
Another place where Euclid falls short of meeting E’s standards for case analysis is
Proposition I.35. Whereas with Proposition I.9 the need for a case analysis arises within
7 We are grateful to Henry Mendell for pointing this out.
8 Vaughan Pratt has pointed out to us the contrapositive of Proposition 7 shows that if ad is equal
to ae, d f is equal to ef , and d and e are distinct, then d and e cannot lie on the same side of af .
This immediately rules out two of the cases. But Euclid typically carries out an explicit reductio
when he needs the contrapositive form of a prior proposition. Thus, if that is the proof one has in
mind, E requires one to do the case split and apply Proposition 7 explicitly.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
739
Fig. 8. Two cases for Proposition I.9 considered in E.
Fig. 9. The three cases for Proposition I.35.
the construction, with Proposition I.35 one must start the proof with a case analysis (see
Figure 9). Euclid’s statement of the proposition is too general for the proof which fol-
lows. The proposition underlies the familiar formula that the area of a parallelogram is
the product of its base and height. It asserts, speciﬁcally, that two parallelograms which
have the same base and are bounded by the same parallel lines have the same area. The
proof in the Elements, however, establishes a weaker result, in which the parallelograms
satisfy another condition: the nonintersection of the sides opposite the common base of the
parallelograms. Euclid groups together into one case the different ways the sides opposite
the base can relate to one another positionally. But the containment relations which license
Euclid’s steps in his proof do not generalize to the other cases, which really require separate
proofs.
Proclus, in fact, commented on Euclid’s cavalier attitude toward cases in Propositions
I.9 and I.35, and furnished proofs for some of the cases Euclid neglected. Thus E is better
understood as a codiﬁcation of the more critical attitude toward cases found in Proclus’s
commentary. It is an interesting question as to why Euclid is less rigorous in cases like
these. One possible explanation is given by Heath’s observation that Euclid only worries
about the most difﬁcult case. Another, which would apply to I.9 but not I.35, is that the
norms governing the physical construction of diagrams automatically rules out certain
possibilities for Euclid.9
As with E’s rules for case analysis, its transfer rules can be understood as the articulation
of standards observed intermittently in the Elements. In some constructions, the possibility
of a certain step depends on metric facts assumed of the conﬁguration. On such occasions,
9 Such norms would enforce what Manders terms diagram discipline. The idea is as follows.
Though physical rulers and compasses cannot produce perfectly straight lines and circles, a
geometer trained in diagram discipline can be trusted to produce approximately straight lines
and circles in his diagrams. For f to lie on or outside the angle dae in I.9, however, one or more
of the circles used in the construction of f would have to be dramatically noncircular. Euclid
would thus be justiﬁed in disregarding the case as a possibility. See Manders (2008b, Section 3.1,
p. 131), and also the discussion of case branching in Manders (2008a, Section 1.4, p. 95).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
740
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
E requires that a metric-to-diagram rule be invoked. Euclid sometimes recognizes the need
for such justiﬁcations, and sometimes does not.
One place where he does not is in Proposition 2 of Book I. In terms of the E proof given
in Section 4.2, Euclid does not provide any argument that the point a has to lie within
the circle β. The diagrammatic information in the proof regarding a with respect to β,
however, does not alone imply it. The metric fact that da < dg must be added to the proof
for the position of a inside β to be forced. The E proof of Proposition 2 thus contains a few
lines not present in Euclid’s proof.
Euclid does explicitly state one metric-to-diagram rule: the famous parallel postulate.
The postulate allows Euclid to speak of an intersection point between two lines—a dia-
grammatic piece of data—given metric data about a conﬁguration in which the lines are
embedded. Accordingly, in Propositions I.44 and II.10 Euclid invokes it to justify the
introduction of certain intersection points. Strangely, however, a similar justiﬁcation is
needed for intersection points appearing in Euclid’s proofs of Propositions I.42 and I.45,
but Euclid does not provide it. He simply takes the intersection points to exist without
mentioning the parallel postulate. The reasons for this inconsistency are not immediately
apparent. The arguments which are lacking in I.42 and I.45 are more complicated than
those included in I.44 and II.10. Perhaps Euclid did not want to complicate his exposition,
or perhaps it was just an oversight. In any case, in E, one must invoke the parallel postulate
in the proofs of all four propositions.
We close this section with a discussion of another interesting difference between E and
Euclid. This time, it is an instance where, by E’s lights, Euclid does too much. At issue are
the identity conditions of circles. Euclid’s deﬁnition reads as follows:
A circle is a plane ﬁgure contained by one line such that all the straight
lines falling upon it from one point among those lying within the ﬁgure
equal one another; and the point is called the center of the circle. (Euclid,
1956, pp. 153–154)
In E this deﬁnition translates into diagram-segment transfer Rules 2, 3, and 4. The
function of the Rule 2 is to ﬁx the construction of a circle from a given length as unique. In
ﬁxing it as a rule in E, we take it to express Euclid’s deﬁnition directly. Euclid, however,
feels that it is at least conceivable that two distinct circles with equal radii be constructed
from the same center, for in Proposition III.5 he proves that such a conﬁguration is impos-
sible. From this result Rule 2 then follows immediately.
Thus, with Proposition III.5 Euclid requires a proof for something which one can assume
without proof in E. There is nothing, however, about the general structure of E which
forces this difference; we could have replaced our Rule 2 with a rule that licenses the key
diagrammatic inference in Euclid’s proof of Proposition III.5. Such a rule, however, would
be complicated, and rather than assume it we have decided to treat circles as uniquely
deﬁned by a center and a length. Instead, our Rule 2 conforms better to the modern
conception of a circle as the set of points which lie a ﬁxed distance from a given center.
4.4. Euclid’s postulates and common notions.
Since the Elements is presented as an
axiomatic development, it it is worth considering Euclid’s postulates and common notions,
to see how they line up with the fundamental rules of E. In the Heath translation (Euclid,
1956, pp. 154–155), the postulates are as follows:
1. To draw a straight line from any point to any point.
2. To produce a ﬁnite straight line continuously in a straight line.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
741
3. To describe a circle with any centre and distance.
4. That all right angles are equal to one another.
5. [The parallel postulate; see Section 3.6.]
Postulates 1 and 3 are the construction rules of E for lines and circles. Postulate 2 does not
have a direct translation in our system, given that we take all our lines to be “indeﬁnitely
extended”; but since Euclid will use this, say, to extend a segment ab to a point c, it
essentially corresponds to Construction 4 for points. Our remaining construction rules let
us choose “arbitrary points” or label points of intersection. Euclid doesn’t say anything
more about this; he just does it. As noted in Section 3.6, Euclid’s Postulate 4 essentially
corresponds to our diagram-angle transfer Axiom 3. Similarly, Postulate 5 is our diagram-
angle transfer Axiom 5.
Euclid’s (1956, p. 155) common notions are as follows :
1. Things which are equal to the same thing are also equal to one another.
2. If equals be added to equals, the wholes are equal.
3. If equals be subtracted from equals, the remainders are equal.
4. Things which coincide with one another are equal to one another.
5. The whole is greater than the part.
These, for the most part, govern magnitudes; in our formulation, they are therefore sub-
sumed by the laws that govern the metric sorts, together with the transfer axioms that relate
the diagrammatic notions of “adding,” “subtracting,” and “being a part of” to the operations
on magnitudes. For example, Common Notions 1 and 2 are equality rules, and Common
Notion 3 is the cancellation axiom, modulo what it means to combine magnitudes in dia-
grammatic terms. Our ﬁrst diagram-segment transfer axiom explains what it means to add
adjacent segments; our second diagram-angle transfer axiom explains what it means to add
adjacent angles; our second diagram-area transfer axiom explains what it means to combine
the areas of adjacent triangles. In each case, one can take the diagrammatic conﬁgurations
representing the component magnitudes to be the “parts” of the diagram conﬁgurations
representing the sum. In that case, the last Common Notion, 5, corresponds to the fact that
nontrivial segments, angles, and areas are positive, as given by the corresponding transfer
axioms.
Thus, Euclid’s postulates correspond to some of our construction rules and transfer
inferences, and the common notions correspond to metric inferences and other transfer
inferences. The remainder of our construction rules, and all our diagram inferences, are
then subsumed under what Euclid takes to be implicit in the deﬁnitions and the meanings
of the undeﬁned terms. It is, perhaps, regrettable that there is not a cleaner mapping from
our axioms to Euclid’s. But, as the discussion above indicates, even a simple principle like
“the whole is greater than the part” assumes an understanding of how wholes and parts can
be recognized in a diagram, and it is this implicit understanding that we have tried to spell
out with the rules of E.
4.5. Additional proofs.
In this section, we provide three additional theorems of E,
which are needed for the completeness proof in the next section. The ﬁrst is Euclid’s
Proposition I.12. Here, the phrase “M is perpendicular to L” masks implicit references
to points p, d, a such that p is on M, d is on both M and L, a is on L, and angle pda is a
right angle.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
742
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
PROPOSITION I.12.
Assume point p is not on line L.
Construct a line M through p which is perpendicular to L.
Proof.
Let q be a point on the opposite side of L from p.
Let α be the circle through q with center p.
Let a and b be the points of intersection of L and α.
By Proposition I.10, let d bisect segment ab.
Let M be the line through p and d.
By Proposition I.8 applied to triangles pda and pdb, we have ̸ pda = ̸ pdb.
Hence ̸ pda is a right angle.
Q.E.F.
□
The proof is almost identical to Euclid’s. Notice that it is the fourth diagram intersection
rule that licenses the assertion that L and α intersect.
The next two propositions are of a purely technical nature. The ﬁrst shows how a con-
struction in E can depend on a case split (see Footnote 4). Once again, we have taken some
liberties with the wording. Reference to the “line through p and s,” for example, masks a
reference to a variable for a line on which p and s both lie.
TECHNICAL PROPOSITION 1.
Assume p ̸= q are on the same side of line L.
Construct points r, s, t such that
1. s, t are on L,
2. r is the intersection of the line through p and s and the line through q and t.
Proof.
By Proposition I.12, let M be a line through p perpendicular to L, intersecting L at e.
By Proposition I.12, let N be a line through q perpendicular to L, intersecting L at f .
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
743
Suppose e ̸= f .
Hence M and N are parallel.
Let s = f .
Let t = e.
Let O be the line through p and s.
Let P be the line through q and t.
Let r be the intersection of O and P.
Then r, s, t satisfy 1 and 2.
Suppose e = f .
Let s be a point on L distinct from e.
Let t be a point on L extending the segment from s to e.
Let O be the line through p and s.
Let P be the line through q and t.
Let r be the intersection of O and P.
Then r, s, t satisfy 1 and 2.
Q.E.F.
□
In the ﬁrst case, a diagram inference tells us that p and t are on the same side of M (since
otherwise N and M would intersect). A triple-incidence rule, applied to L, M, and N then
tells us that q and t are on opposite sides of O, which licenses the fact that O and P
intersect. The second case actually requires a case distinction on the position of p and
q along the perpendicular, at which point, the Pasch rules provide enough information to
license the fact that O and P intersect.
TECHNICAL PROPOSITION 2. Assume line L and points p, q,r, s, t satisfy the conclu-
sions of the previous proposition.
Then p and q are on the same side of L.
In fact, this is a direct diagrammatic inference, using the Pasch rules.
§5. Completeness.
In this section, we sketch a proof that E is complete for a modern
semantics appropriate to the Elements. This semantics is presented in Section 5.1, and the
completeness proof is presented in Sections 5.2–5.4.
5.1. The semantics of ruler-and-compass constructions.
Thanks to Descartes, Eu-
clid’s points, lines, and circles can be interpreted, in modern terms, as points, lines, and
circles of the Euclidean plane, R×R. It is straightforward to show that all the constructions
and inference rules of E are valid for this semantics. E is not, however, complete for this
semantics: all of Euclid’s constructions, and hence all constructions of E, can be carried out
with a ruler and compass, and Galois theory tells us that no ruler-and-compass construction
can trisect a 60◦angle (Hungerford, 1974, p. 240). In particular, E cannot prove that there
exists an equilateral triangle and a trisection of one of its angles. The negation of this
statement is a universal statement, and so can also be expressed in E. This shows that there
is an existential statement that can neither be proved nor refuted in E, showing that E is not
syntactically complete, either.
Fortunately, there is a better semantics for the Elements. An ordered ﬁeld is said to be
Euclidean if every nonnegative element has a square root. Taking square roots essentially
allows one to construct the intersection of a line and a circle, and conversely. Say that a
sequent of E is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions if its universal closure is true in
every plane F × F, where F is a Euclidean ﬁeld, under the usual Cartesian interpretation
of the primitives of E. Our goal in this section is to outline a proof of the following:
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
744
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
THEOREM 5.1. A sequent  ⇒∃⃗x.  is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions if
and only if it is provable in E.
Once again, the “if” direction, asserting that E is sound for ruler-and-compass con-
structions, is straightforward. We will therefore focus on establishing completeness. A
direct proof would involve assuming that a given sequent is not provable in E, and then
constructing a Euclidean ﬁeld in which that sequent is false. But given E’s restricted logic,
the details would be tricky, and our job will be much easier if we build on previous work.
Tarski (1959) gave a sound and complete axiomatization not only of the full Euclidean
plane, but also of the fragment that is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions. It is
therefore sufﬁcient to show that E is complete with respect to Tarski’s axiomatization of
the latter.
There are, however, obstacles to this approach. For one thing, Tarski’s axiomatization
of geometry uses only one sort, namely points, and two primitives, for betweenness and
equidistance, as described below. So interpreting statements of E in Tarski’s system and
vice versa involves a change of language. A more serious obstacle is that Tarski uses full
ﬁrst-order logic, in contrast to the very meager fragment that is allowed in E. So knowing
that a statement is provable in Tarski’s system is not a priori helpful, since there will
generally be no line-by-line interpretation of this proof in E.
Below, however, we will show that with a modicum of tinkering, Tarski’s axioms can
be expressed in a restricted form, namely, as a system of geometric rules. We will then
invoke a cut elimination theorem, due to Sara Negri, that shows that if a sequent of suitably
restricted complexity is provable in the system, there is a proof in which every intermediate
sequent is also of restricted complexity. This will allow us to translate proofs in Tarski’s
system to proofs in E.
More precisely, we will craft a slight variant, T, of Tarski’s system, which is sound
and complete for ruler-and-compass constructions, and enjoys some nice proof theoretic
properties. We will deﬁne a translation π from sequents of E to sequents of T, and a retrans-
lation ρ in the other direction. Ultimately, we will show that the systems and translations
involved have the following properties:
1. If  ⇒∃⃗x.  is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions, then T proves π( ⇒
∃⃗x. ).
2. If T proves π( ⇒∃⃗x. ), then E proves ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )).
3. If E proves ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )), then E proves  ⇒∃⃗x. .
This yields the desired completeness result. Since many of the details are straightforward,
we will be somewhat sketchy; additional information can be found in Dean’s (2008) MS
thesis .
In fact, we will not interpret the area (“△”) function of E or the functions and relations
on the area sort; so we only establish completeness for theorems that do not involve areas.
Deﬁning an adequate notion of area in Tarski’s system requires a fair amount of work,
although by now the mechanisms for doing so are well understood (see, e.g., Hilbert, 1899,
Chapter IV). We are conﬁdent that the methods described here extend straightforwardly to
cover areas as well, but spelling out the details would require more effort.
5.2. Tarski’s system.
Tarski’s axiomatization of the ruler-and-compass fragment of
Euclidean geometry employs the language, L, whose only nonlogical predicates are a
ternary predicate, B, where B(abc) is intended to denote that a, b, and c are collinear and
b is between a and c; and a four-place relation, ≡, where ab ≡cd is intended to denote
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
745
that segment ab is congruent to segment cd. (In contrast to the “between” predicate of E,
Tarski’s B denotes nonstrict betweenness.) The axioms consist of (the universal closures
of) the following (see, e.g., Tarski & Givant, 1999):
1. Equidistance axiom (E1): ab ≡ba
2. Equidistance axiom (E2): (ab ≡pq) ∧(ab ≡rs) →(pq ≡rs)
3. Equidistance axiom (E3): (ab ≡cc) →a = b
4. Betweenness axiom (B): B(abd) ∧B(bcd) →B(abc)
5. Segment construction axiom (SC): ∃x (B(qax) ∧(ax ≡bc))
6. Five-segment axiom (5S):
[¬(a = b) ∧B(abc) ∧B(pqr) ∧(ab ≡pq) ∧(bc ≡qr)∧
(ad ≡ps) ∧(bd ≡qs)] →(cd ≡rs)
7. Pasch axiom (P): B(apc) ∧B(qcb) →∃x (B(axq) ∧B(bpx))
8. Lower two-dimension axiom (2L): ∃a, b, c [¬B(abc) ∧¬B(bca) ∧¬B(cab)]
9. Upper two-dimension axiom (2U): ¬(a = b) ∧3
i=1 xia ≡xib →(B(x1x2x3) ∨
B(x2x3x1) ∨B(x3x1x2))
10. Parallel postulate (PP): B(adt)∧B(bdc)∧¬(a = d) →∃x, y (B(abx)∧B(acy)∧
B(ytx))
11. Intersection axiom (Int): (ax ≡ax′)∧(az ≡az′)∧B(axz)∧B(xyz) →∃y′ ((ay ≡
ay′) ∧B(x′y′z′)).
Intuitively, the last axiom says that any line through a point lying inside a circle intersects
the circle. Tarski showed that when one replaces this axiom with the continuity axiom
scheme,
∃a ∀x, y (ϕ(x) ∧ψ(y) →B(axy)) →∃b ∀x, y (ϕ(x) ∧ψ(y) →B(xby))
the result is complete for the semantics of the full Euclidean plane. But he also showed that
Axioms 1–11 are complete for ruler-and-compass constructions, and it is this result that is
important for our purposes.10
THEOREM 5.2 (Tarski). If ϕ is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions, then ϕ is a
ﬁrst-order consequence of the axioms above.
We will now fashion a variant of this system with better proof theoretic properties. A
theory is called geometric if all of its axioms are sentences of the following form:
(⋆)
∀⃗x
⎡
⎣
m

i=1
Bi(⃗x) →
n
j=1
⎛
⎝∃⃗y j
ℓj

k=1
A j,k(⃗x, ⃗y j)
⎞
⎠
⎤
⎦,
where the A’s and B’s are atomic formulas (including ⊤and ⊥), and each of ⃗x, ⃗y, or
the antecedent of the conditional could be empty. Formulas of the form (⋆) are called
10 Note that the system for ruler-and-compass constructions is ﬁnitely axiomatized, in contrast to
the stronger system with the Continuity Axiom Schemecontinuity axiom scheme. Ziegler (1982)
proved that any ﬁnitely axiomatizable theory of ﬁelds that has among its models an algebraically
closed ﬁeld, a real closed ﬁeld, or a ﬁeld of p-adic numbers, is an undecidable theory. It is clear
from the present result that the formal system for ruler-and-compass constructions has a real
closed ﬁeld among its models (since a real closed ﬁeld is, a fortiori, Euclidean). Thus the system
is undecidable.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
746
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
geometric. Those geometric formulas with only a single disjunct in the consequent (i.e.,
geometric formulas in which ∨does not appear) are called regular. Note that, on our
modeling, Euclid’s propositions are almost of this latter form, the difference being that
arbitrary literals (negated atomic formulas as well as atomic formulas) are allowed in the
antecedent and consequent.
Negri (2003), building on earlier joint work with Jan von Plato (Negri & von Plato,
1998), has established a cut elimination theorem for geometric theories that we can put
to use in our completeness proof. Suppose we have a geometric theory formulated in a
standard two-sided sequent calculus (see, e.g., Buss, 1998; Troelstra & Schwichtenberg,
2000). Then the theory can be recast equivalently by replacing each of its geometric axioms
like the one above with a corresponding inference rule, called a geometric rule scheme
(GRS):
⃗A1,·(⃗x, ⃗y1), 	 ⇒
· · ·
⃗An,·(⃗x, ⃗yn), 	 ⇒
⃗B(⃗x), 	 ⇒
.
Here we assume that the variables among the ⃗y j’s do not appear free in ⃗B, 	, or

.11 Negri’s principal result is the following theorem, whose corollary we will apply
later.
THEOREM 5.3. Any sequent provable in a sequent calculus with geometric rule schemes
has a cut-free proof.
Since the cut rule is the only rule that removes formulas, this shows that if a sequent
	 ⇒
 is provable in such a system, there is a proof that mentions only subformulas of
formulas in 	 and 
, and possibly some other atomic formulas.
Say a sequent 	 ⇒
 is geometric if 	 is a set of atomic formulas and 
 is a ﬁnite
set of existentially quantiﬁed conjunctions of atomic formulas. In other words, a geometric
sequent is a representation of a geometric formula where the implication is replaced by the
sequent arrow and the outer universal quantiﬁers are left implicit. Say a geometric sequent
is regular if 
 consists of at most one formula. Theorem 5.3 implies that if we are working
in a sequent calculus with geometric rule schemes, then any provable geometric sequent has
a proof in which every sequent is geometric; and, similarly, any provable regular sequent
has a proof in which every sequent is regular.
Tarski’s axiomatization for the ruler-and-compass constructions is nearly geometric. The
only stumbling block is that in (⋆) the conjunctions are required to be conjunctions of
atomic formulas, not literals. Thus, for instance, the lower two-dimensional axiom
∃a, b, c (¬B(abc) ∧¬B(bca) ∧¬B(cab))
is not geometric. We remedy this situation by introducing explicit predicates for the nega-
tions of = and B and ≡; that is, we expand our language to one called L(T) by adding
predicates ̸= and B and ̸≡; and we add the (geometric) axioms
•
∀x, y ((x = y) ∨(x ̸= y))
•
∀x, y ((x = y) ∧(x ̸= y) →⊥)
11 If one represents sequents using sequences or multisets of formulas, as Negri does, the rules must
be presented with the ⃗B(⃗x) repeated in the premises in order for Negri to prove the admissibility
of the structural rules of contraction and weakening, along with cut elimination. Taking 	 and 
to be sets is notationally simpler and sufﬁces for our purposes.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
747
as well as analogous ones for B, B and ≡, ̸≡. We will call these “negativity axioms” below.
Also, we replace any negated instances of = or B (there are no such negated instances of ≡)
from Tarski’s original axiomatization with the new corresponding predicate, thus obtaining
a geometrically axiomatized theory.
Notice that there is an obvious translation from the language L(T ) of T to the language
of Tarski’s system, which maps, for example, occurrences of B(xyz) to ¬B(xyz), and so
on. This translation preserves provability, since the negativity axioms imply that the new
predicates behave like negations. We now go further and put the nonlogical axioms of
T into the form of geometric rule schemes. First of all, the negativity axioms look like
this:
(x = y), 	 ⇒
(x ̸= y), 	 ⇒
	 ⇒
Neg
⊥, 	 ⇒
(x = y), (x ̸= y), 	 ⇒
 Neg
and similarly for the other predicates. The remaining rules are as follows (and note that
variables appearing in parentheses next to the rule names are those which are not allowed
to appear free in the conclusion):
ab ≡ba, 	 ⇒
	 ⇒
E1
(pq ≡rs), 	 ⇒
(ab ≡pq), (ab ≡rs), 	 ⇒
 E2
(a = b), 	 ⇒
(ab ≡cc), 	 ⇒
 E3
B(abc), 	 ⇒
B(abd), B(bcd), 	 ⇒
 B
B(qax), (ax ≡bc), 	 ⇒
	 ⇒
SC(x)
(cd ≡rs), 	 ⇒
a ̸= b, B(abc), B(pqr), (ab ≡pq), (bc ≡qr), (ad ≡ps), (bd ≡qs), 	 ⇒
 5S
B(axq), B(bpx), 	 ⇒
B(apc), B(qcb), 	 ⇒
 P(x)
B(abc), B(bca), B(cab), 	 ⇒
	 ⇒
2L(a, b, c)
B(x1x2x3), 	 ⇒
B(x2x3x1), 	 ⇒
B(x3x1x2), 	 ⇒
a ̸= b, (x1a ≡x1b), (x2a ≡x2b), (x3a ≡x3b), 	 ⇒
2U
B(abx), B(acy), B(ytx), 	 ⇒
B(adt), B(bdc), a ̸= d, 	 ⇒
 PP(x, y)
(ay ≡ay′), B(x′y′z′), 	 ⇒
(ax ≡ax′), (az ≡az′), B(axz), B(xyz), 	 ⇒
 Int(y′).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
748
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Since the resulting system is just a reworking of Tarski’s axiomatization, combining
Theorem 5.2 with Negri’s Theorem 5.3 yields the following:
LEMMA 5.4. Let 	 ⇒
 be a geometric sequent in the language of T that is valid for
ruler-and-compass constructions. Then 	 ⇒
 has a cut-free proof in T.
5.3. Translating E to T.
Our goal now is to provide a translation π that maps any
sequent  ⇒∃⃗x.  of E to a geometric (in fact, regular) sequent 	 ⇒
 of T, with the
following properties:
•
The translation preserves ruler-and-compass semantics, so that if  ⇒∃⃗x.  is
valid for ruler-and-compass constructions, so is 	 ⇒
.
•
Conversely, the existence of a cut-free proof of 	 ⇒
 in T implies the existence
of a proof of  ⇒∃⃗x.  in E.
In this section we will deﬁne the translation and show that it satisﬁes the ﬁrst property. The
second property is then established in Section 5.4 below.
In carrying out the translation, we will represent each line L of E by distinct points
cL
1 , cL
2 that are assumed to lie on L. Similarly, we will represent each circle γ of E by its
center, cγ
1 , and a point, cγ
2 , that is assumed to lie on γ . More precisely, given any sequent
 ⇒∃⃗x.  of E, we will choose fresh variables cL
1 , cL
2 for each line variable L occurring
in the sequent, and fresh variables cγ
1 , cγ
2 for each circle variable γ. Let ˆ consist of the
assumptions
{cL
1 ̸= cL
2 , on(cL
1 , L), on(cL
2 , L)}
for each line variable L among ⃗x, and the assumptions
{center(cγ
1 , γ ), on(cγ
2 , γ )}
for each circle variable γ among ⃗x. (Note that, in E, cγ
1 ̸= cγ
2 is a consequence of the latter
set of assertions.) Let ˆ consist of the assumptions corresponding to the remaining line
and circle variables in the sequent. Then clearly  ⇒∃⃗x.  is provable in E if and only
if , ˆ ⇒∃⃗x,⃗c. , ˆ is; and one is valid if and only if the other is valid as well. When
we translate  ⇒∃⃗x.  to the language of T, we will use these new variables, and the
translations will make sense as long as we assume cL
1 ̸= cL
2 and cγ
1 ̸= cγ
2 for the relevant
constants. When we translate back, we will add the assumptions in ˆ, ˆ, which will make
it possible for E to show that the result is equivalent to the original sequent.
To deﬁne π, ﬁrst, for each E literal A we will deﬁne a corresponding L(T) formula π(A)
of the following form:
∃⃗z


k
Mk(⃗z)

where the Mk’s are atomic. (Formulas of this form are sometimes referred to as positive
primitive formulas.) We will occasionally abuse notation below and write π(A) for the
conjunction 
k Mk(⃗z) without the existential quantiﬁers out front. Furthermore, if we have
a set of literals A1, . . . , Am and
π(Ai) = ∃⃗zi

 ni

k=1
Mi,k(⃗zi)

available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
749
for each i, we will sometimes write π(A1, . . . , Am) to refer to
∃⃗z1, . . . , ⃗zm
m

i=1
ni

k=1
Mi,k(⃗zi).
We do so for the sake of perspicuity and simple readability. When making such abuses, we
will call attention to the fact that we are doing so, and no confusion should arise.
In each case, our translation provides a natural way of expressing the corresponding
literal of E as a formula of the desired form, though some thought (and a diagram) is
often needed to make sense of it. For example, the translation of on(p, N) is illustrated
by Figure 10. For the diagrammatic assertions, the clauses of the translation are as
follows:
•
on(p, N) →∃a, b(a ̸= b ∧cN
1 a ≡cN
1 b ∧cN
2 a ≡cN
2 b ∧pa ≡pb



=: ζ(cN
1 ,cN
2 ,p,a,b)
).
•
¬on(p, N) →B(cN
1 cN
2 p) ∧B(cN
1 pcN
2 ) ∧B(pcN
1 cN
2 )



=: χ(cN
1 ,cN
2 ,p)
.
•
same-side(p, q, N) →
∃r, s, t, a, b(ζ(cN
1 , cN
2 , s, a, b)∧ζ(cN
1, cN
2 , t, a, b)∧χ(cN
1 , cN
2 ,r)∧B(prs)∧B(qrt)).
•
¬same-side(p, q, N) →∃r, a, b(ζ(cN
1 , cN
2 ,r, a, b) ∧B(prq)).
•
between(p, q,r) →B(pqr) ∧p ̸= q ∧q ̸= r ∧p ̸= r.
•
¬between(p, q,r) →
∃a, b, f, g, h, x, y, z
⎡
⎢⎢⎢⎢⎢⎣
χ(a, b, q) ∧a ̸= p ∧a ̸= q ∧a ̸= r ∧b ̸= p ∧b ̸= q ∧b ̸= r∧
B(apx) ∧B(aqy) ∧B(arz) ∧p ̸= x ∧q ̸= y ∧r ̸= z∧
B(bpf ) ∧B(bqg) ∧B(brh) ∧p ̸= f ∧q ̸= g ∧r ̸= h∧
B(xyz) ∧B( f gh)
⎤
⎥⎥⎥⎥⎥⎦
•
on(p, γ ) →cγ
1 p ≡cγ
1 cγ
2 .
•
¬on(p, γ ) →cγ
1 p ̸≡cγ
1 cγ
2 .
•
inside(p, γ ) →∃x (B(cγ
1 px) ∧p ̸= x ∧(cγ
1 x ≡cγ
1 cγ
2 )).
•
¬inside(p, γ ) →∃x (B(cγ
1 xp) ∧(cγ
1 x ≡cγ
1 cγ
2 )).
These can be used to deﬁne equality and disequality for lines and circles:
•
L = M →on(cL
1 , M) ∧on(cL
2 , M).
•
L ̸= M →∃x (on(x, L) ∧¬on(x, M)).
•
γ = δ →cγ
1 = cδ
1 ∧cγ
1 cγ
2 ≡cδ
1cδ
2.
•
γ ̸= δ →∃x (on(x, γ ) ∧¬on(x, δ)).
More precisely, the translation involves expanding the π images of the literals on the right-
hand side, and bringing the existential quantiﬁers to the front.
We have not yet indicated the π-images for literals involving the intersects predicate.
The positive literals are straightforwardly expressed in terms of literals that have already
been translated:
•
intersects(L, M) →L ̸= M ∧∃x (on(x, L) ∧on(x, M)).
•
intersects(L, γ ) →∃x, y (x ̸= y ∧on(x, L) ∧on(x, γ ) ∧on(y, L) ∧on(y, γ )).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
750
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Fig. 10. The translation of on(p, N).
•
intersects(γ, δ) →γ ̸= δ ∧∃x, y (x ̸= y ∧on(x, γ ) ∧on(x, δ) ∧on(y, γ ) ∧
on(y, δ)).
The negative literals, which assert nonintersection, require something more roundabout.
For instance, we express the fact that α and β do not intersect by saying that the line
segment from the center of α to the center of β encounters a point on α strictly before a
point on β:
¬intersects(α, β) →∃p, a, b
⎡
⎣cα
1cα
2 ≡cα
1a ∧cβ
1 cβ
2 ≡cβ
1 b ∧a ̸= b ∧
B(cα
1ap) ∧B(cβ
1 bp) ∧B(apb)
⎤
⎦.
Appropriate positive primitive π-images for the literals ¬intersects(L, α) and ¬intersects
(L, M) can be found using π-images from above, as well as the translation for ̸ xyz =
right-angle which is given below. For instance, to say that ¬intersects(L, α), we assert the
existence of points a, b, c, where a is on α, b ̸= c are on L, a is strictly between cα
1 and
b, and ̸ abc = right-angle. Similarly, ¬intersects(L, M) can be expressed by asserting the
existence of a, b, c, d, where a ̸= b are on L, c ̸= d are on M, and the angles ̸ abc and
̸ bcd are right angles.
The last type of literal to treat is that of metric assertions about segments and angles.
Those for segments are more straightforward. Any term of the segment sort will be of the
form p1q1 + · · · + pkqk (we can ignore occurrences of 0; the translation below also makes
sense for “empty sums”). Two such sums are equal if the segments can be laid side by side
along a line so that the starting and ending points are the same. So, under our translation,
p1q1 + · · · + pkqk = u1v1 + · · · + umvm
maps to
∃a0 . . . ak, b0 . . . bm
⎡
⎢⎢⎢⎢⎢⎢⎢⎢⎢⎣
B(a0a1a2), B(a1a2a3), . . . , B(ak−2ak−1ak),
B(b0b1b2), B(b1b2b3), . . . , B(bk−2bk−1bk),
(p1q1 ≡a0a1), (p2q2 ≡a1a2), . . . , (pkqk ≡ak−1ak),
(u1v1 ≡b0b1), (u2v2 ≡b1b2), . . . , (umvm ≡bm−1bm),
a0 = b0, ak = bm
⎤
⎥⎥⎥⎥⎥⎥⎥⎥⎥⎦
.
The translations of the other segment literals are obtained from this one with minor
changes to the last part. Namely, the corresponding translations are obtained by making the
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
751
following indicated changes to the last line above:

i
piqi ̸=

j
u jv j
→
a0 = b0, ak ̸= bm

i
piqi <

j
u jv j
→
a0 = b0, ak ̸= bm, B(b0, ak, bm)

i
piqi ̸<

j
u jv j
→
a0 = b0, B(a0bmak).
For the angle literals, a little care is needed. First, note that we can deﬁne equality and
inequalities of angles as follows:
•
̸ xyz = ̸ x′y′z′ →
∃u, v, u′, v′(B(xuy) ∧B(yvz) ∧B(x′u′y′) ∧B(y′v′z′) ∧(uy ≡u′y′) ∧(yv ≡y′v′)



=:ξ(x,y,z,x′,y′,z′,u,v,u′,v′)
∧(uv ≡u′v′)).
•
¬(̸ xyz = ̸ x′y′z′) →
∃u, v, u′, v′(ξ(x, y, z, x′, y′, z′, u, v, u′, v′) ∧(uv ̸≡u′v′)).
•
̸ xyz < ̸ x′y′z′ →
∃u, v, u′, v′, a′(ξ(x, y, z, x′, y′, z′, u, v, u′, v′)∧a′ ̸= v′∧B(u′a′v′)∧(uv ≡u′a′)).
•
¬(̸ xyz < ̸ x′y′z′) →
∃u, v, u′, v′, a(ξ(x, y, z, x′, y′, z′, u, v, u′, v′) ∧B(uav) ∧(ua ≡u′v′)).
We can also say that an angle is a right angle:
•
̸ xyz = right-angle →
∃p, u, v, u′, v′(x ̸= y ∧y ̸= z ∧p ̸= y ∧B(pyz) ∧ξ(x, y, z, x, y, p, u, v, u′, v′) ∧(uv ≡u′v′)).
At issue is how to compare sums of angles. Suppose we have two sums  si,  ti of angle
terms. In analogy to the segment case, we would like to take the various angles in two given
sums, reconstruct them by “stacking them up” via a series of points around respective ﬁxed
vertices, and then compare the sums by measuring the resulting angles formed by the initial
and ﬁnal points. The reason this can fail is that such a measure does not compare the sums
themselves, but rather whether
min

si(mod 2π), 2π −

si(mod 2π)

=
min

ti(mod 2π), 2π −

ti(mod 2π)

,
so that unequal sums might be identiﬁed with one another. (See Figure 11 for instance.)
To remedy this, we do not stack the original angles. Instead, if comparing a k-fold
sum and an m-fold sum, we let n = max(k, m) and compare n-fold bisections of the
summand angles. The point is that the resulting angles are guaranteed to be no greater than
the greatest of the original angles:
1
2n
n

i=1
̸ xi yizi ≤1
2n (n max
i {̸ xi yizi}) ≤max{̸ xi yizi}.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
752
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
Fig. 11. Here ⟨a1ba4 = ⟨c1dc5, but  si = 2π/3 while  ti = 4π/3.
Thus our choice of taking max(k, m)-fold bisections means that our modiﬁed stacks all ﬁt
within one of the original angles from one of the sums, and E’s setup guarantees that the
term denotes an angle less than or equal to π. Thus we can make the kind of straightforward
comparison of these shrunken stacks that we would like.
Given that long-winded explanation, we will not spell out the translation of the angle
literals in detail, and will only brieﬂy indicate how one of them proceeds; the others result
from minor modiﬁcations of it, as with other groups of literals above. First we want an
auxiliary T formula which says “̸ p′q′r′ = (1/2n)̸ pqr,” that is that the former is an
n-fold bisection of the latter. The following works:
∃a, b, a′, b′, u1, . . . , un
⎡
⎢⎢⎢⎢⎣
B(qap), B(qbr), B(q′a′ p′), B(q′b′r′),
B(au1u2), B(u1u2u3), . . . , B(un−2un−1un), B(un−1unb),
(̸ a′q′b′ = ̸ u1qu2), (̸ a′q′b′ = ̸ u2qu3), . . . , (̸ a′q′b′ = ̸ unqb),
̸ aqu1 = ̸ u1qb
⎤
⎥⎥⎥⎥⎦
.
The translation of the literal
k

i=1
̸ xi yizi =
m

j=1
piqiri
would then use the preceding formula, along with the formula ξ from the translations of
the diagrammatic angle literals above, in order to construct a positive primitive formula
asserting the existence of two stackings of max(k, m)-fold bisections of the original angles
which, when compared in a similar fashion as the segment metric assertions were, are seen
to be equal. The details are tedious to spell out, but straightforward.
We now extend π to a translation π : L(E) →L(T) that maps every sequent  ⇒∃⃗x. 
of E to a regular sequent of T. Suppose  ⇒∃⃗x.  is of the form
A1, . . . , Ak ⇒∃⃗x. B1, . . . , Bm,
where we have
π(Ai) = ∃⃗zi
⎛
⎝
ni

q=1
Mi,q
⎞
⎠,
π(B j) = ∃⃗y j

 p j

r=1
N j,r

.
Let ′ consist of the assumption cL
1 ̸= cL
2 for each line variable L among ⃗x, and the
assumption cγ
1 ̸= cγ
2 for each circle variable γ among ⃗x. Let ′ consist of the corresponding
assumptions for the remaining line and circle variables in the sequent. We deﬁne the image
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
753
of this sequent, under π, to be the regular sequent
′, M1,1, . . . , M1,q1, . . . Mk,1, . . . , Mk,qk ⇒∃⃗x, ⃗y1, . . . , ⃗ym,⃗c

′ ∧
m

i=1

 pi

r=1
Ni,r

.12
The following lemma captures all that we need to know about π.
LEMMA 5.5.  ⇒∃⃗x.  is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions if and only if
π( ⇒∃⃗x. ) is.
Once we have crafted π appropriately, the lemma is quite straightforward to prove, given
a precise articulation of the Cartesian interpretation of L(E) and L(T) in the plane built on
any Euclidean ﬁeld. Given the deﬁnition of π in terms of π, it sufﬁces to prove the result
for sequents consisting of a single literal; you can check that, for instance, the technical
propositions in Section 4.5 prove the ⇒same-side(p, q, L) case (given the soundness of E).
Further details can be found in Dean (2008).
5.4. Interpreting T in E.
By Lemma 5.5, we know that if a sequent  ⇒∃⃗x.  in the
language of E is valid for ruler-and-compass constructions, then so is π( ⇒∃⃗x. ). By
Lemma 5.4, this implies that π( ⇒∃⃗x. ) has a cut-free proof in T. All that remains is to
deﬁne a mapping ρ from regular sequents in the language of T to sequents in the language
of E, and show the following:
•
If there is a cut-free proof of π( ⇒∃⃗x. ) in T, then there is a proof of ρ(π( ⇒
∃⃗x. )) in E.
•
If there is a proof of ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )) in E, there is a proof of  ⇒∃⃗x.  in E.
Once again, we ﬁrst deﬁne a translation ρ for individual atomic formulas, and then
extend the map to sequents. (And we will make the same abuse of notation below regarding
ρ as was noted for π.) The atomic formulas are mapped as follows:
B(pqr)
→
(∃L, a, b).[a ̸= b, a ̸= p, a ̸= q, a ̸= r, b ̸= p, b ̸= q, b ̸= r,
on(a, L), on(b, L), on(p, L), on(q, L), on(r, L), between(a, q, b),
¬between(a, q, p), ¬between(p, a, q), ¬between(q, b,r),
¬between(r, q, b)]
B(pqr)
→
¬between(p, q,r), p ̸= q, q ̸= r
p = q
→
p = q
p ̸= q
→
¬(p = q)
xy ≡vu
→
xy = vu
xy ̸≡vu
→
xy ̸= vu
Why the ﬁrst two are appropriate should be clear upon reﬂection (remembering that
between(p, q,r) is meant to be strict, while B(pqr) is not), and the others are obvious.
We now extend the map to sequents
P1(⃗x), . . . , Pn(⃗x) ⇒∃⃗y
⎛
⎝
l
j=1
Q j(⃗x, ⃗y)
⎞
⎠.
Assuming each Pi(⃗x) is mapped to ∃⃗zi. Mi(⃗x, ⃗zi) by ρ, where each Mi is a set of literals,
and assuming each Q j(⃗x, ⃗y) is mapped to ∃⃗wi. N j(⃗x, ⃗y, ⃗z j), the sequent above is mapped
12 So, with our abuse of notation mentioned above, we could render this simply as
′, π(A1), . . . , π(Ak) ⇒∃⃗x, ⃗y1, . . . , ⃗ym

′ ∧
m

i=1
π(Bi).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
754
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
to the sequent
M1(⃗x, ⃗z1), . . . , Mk(⃗x, ⃗zk) ⇒∃⃗y, ⃗w1, . . . , ⃗wl. N1(⃗x, ⃗y, ⃗z1), . . . , Nl(⃗x, ⃗y, ⃗zl)
of E.13
We now proceed to establish the two properties indicated above. The next lemma estab-
lishes the ﬁrst.
LEMMA 5.6. If there is a cut-free proof of the regular sequent
P1(⃗x), . . . , Pn(⃗x) ⇒∃⃗y
⎛
⎝
j
Q j(⃗x, ⃗y)
⎞
⎠
in T, then there is a cut-free proof of its ρ translation,
M1(⃗x, ⃗z1), . . . , Mk(⃗x, ⃗zk) ⇒∃⃗y, ⃗w1, . . . , ⃗wl. N1(⃗x, ⃗y, ⃗z1), . . . , Nl(⃗x, ⃗y, ⃗zl),
in E.
Proof. We proceed by induction on the proof in T. We need to show that every inference
of T is mirrored by a proof in E. The logical axioms and the logical rules which can appear
in a cut-free proof of a regular sequent are already incorporated into the machinery of E:
•
(Left/right conjunction rules). We note that we do not have the symbol ∧in the
language of E; instances of it get unpacked via the translation ρ. The left rules
become vacuous, and the right rule is easily checked to be a derived rule of E (as
an instance of theorem application).
•
(Right exists rule). Similarly, uses of this rule disappear in the translation.
•
(Left falsum rules). The effects of these rules are subsumed under E’s notion of
direct consequence.
•
(Negativity axioms). Similarly straightforward.
We are left with the remaining GRS’s from Section 5.2. With one exception, these are
of the form
A1, . . . , An, 	 ⇒
B1, . . . , Bm, 	 ⇒
which is to say, they correspond to the Tarskian axioms which are regular. In these cases,
it sufﬁces by the induction hypothesis to show that E proves
ρ(B1), . . . , ρ(Bm) ⇒∃⃗x.ρ(A1), . . . , ρ(An).
Note that we are using the abuse of notation described in the last section. Checking the
details of this for the various regular GRS’s is pretty painless. For instance:
•
(E1, E2, E3). Given the trivial nature of ρ for ≡statements, it is easy to see that
these cases are handled by our metric rules.
•
(2L). Let a be a point. Construct a point b ̸= a. Construct line L through a, b.
Construct a point c that is not on L. Each of between(a, b, c) or between(b, a, c)
or between(a, c, b) leads to on(c, L), hence a contradiction. Thus in E we can
13 Again, with abuse of notation this is just
ρ(P1), . . . , ρ(Pn) ⇒∃⃗y, ⃗w1, . . . , ⃗wl.ρ(Q1), . . . , ρ(Ql).
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
755
conclude ¬between for each. One can check the deﬁnitions of 2L and ρ to see
that we have done what is needed.
•
(SC). The Technical Propositions in Section 4.5 provide the needed E constructions
here.
•
We omit the remaining cases, some of which are slightly more involved, but none
of which are interesting or enlightening.
All that remains is the sole GRS which is not regular, the upper two-dimensional axiom.
The situation is not really all that different from the regular cases; what we have to show,
given the inductive hypothesis, is only slightly different.
The following sufﬁces. Suppose we have a ̸= b, and xia = xib for i = 1, 2, 3. We
need E to prove that two instances of ¬between(xi, x j, xk) hold. We reason by cases; `a la
Euclid we present only the case in which all the xi are distinct, as the other cases are only
easier.
For each i, construct circle γi with center xi, passing through b. Construct line L through
a, b. By Proposition I.12 (formalized in E above), construct line M perpendicular to L.
It is then a direct consequence that each xi is on M.
Once again, we reason by cases, considering each parity for each possible between(xi,
x j, xk); there are eight cases (omitting symmetry in the between arguments). In the four
for which two positive between relations were to hold, E derives a contradiction. In the
other four cases, we have two negative instances, which is what we needed.
□
Given the previous lemma, we are almost home. We have shown that if  ⇒∃⃗x.  is a
valid sequent of E, then there is a cut-free proof of π( ⇒∃⃗x. ) in T, and hence a proof
of ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )) in E. The trouble, of course, is that ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )) is not quite
the same thing as  ⇒∃⃗x. . For one thing, the lines and circles in the original sequent
have been replaced by pairs of points representing them; and the translated sequent will
typically feature extra points and hypotheses in both antecedent and consequent. The next
two lemmas demonstrate that, from the E proof of the translated proposition, we can in
fact recover a proof of the original proposition,  ⇒∃⃗x. .
LEMMA 5.7. Let M(⃗x) be any literal of E. Suppose that
π(M) = ∃⃗z
m

j=1
Q j(⃗x, ⃗z),
and further that
ρ(Q j) = ∃⃗y j.A j,1, . . . , A j,n j .
Let ˆ
 consist of the assumptions
{cL
1 ̸= cL
2 , on(cL
1 , L), on(cL
2 , L)}
for each line variable L in M, and the assumptions
{center(cγ
1 , γ ), on(cγ
2 , γ )}
for each circle variable γ in M. Then E proves both
(1) ˆ
, M ⇒∃⃗z, ⃗y1, . . . , ⃗ym.A1,1, . . . , A1,n1, . . . , Am,1, . . . , Am,nm.
(2) ˆ
, A1,1, . . . , A1,n1, . . . , Am,1, . . . , Am,nm ⇒∃⃗x. ˆM,
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
756
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
where ⃗x are the line and circle variables in M. Moreover, E proves all sequents of the form
cL
1 ̸= cL
2 ⇒∃L. on(cL
1 , L), on(cL
2 , L),
and
cγ
1 ̸= cγ
2 ⇒∃γ. center(cγ
1 , γ ), on(cγ
2 , γ ).
Before getting to the proof, we note that clause (1) of the lemma just says that E proves
ˆ
, M ⇒ρ(π(M)) for any literal. Moreover, with our abuse of notation we can render the
second part more perspicuously as asserting that E proves ˆ
, ρ(π(M)) ⇒M.
Proof. The last two claims in the lemma are immediate, using the construction rules of
E. For the ﬁrst two claims, in order to avoid needless tedium, we indicate details for only a
few cases (and also indicate how trivial some of the cases are).
•
between(p, q,r): We need to show that between(p, q,r) is interderivable with
∃L.on(p, L), on(q, L), on(r, L), ¬between(p,r, q), ¬between(q, p,r),
p ̸= q, q ̸= r, p ̸= r.
Supposing the latter, we can conclude between(p, q,r) from the sixth betweenness
rule.
For the converse, suppose between(p, q,r). A couple of applications of our ﬁrst
betweenness rule yield ¬between(q, p,r), ¬between(p,r, q), and the distinctness
assertions. Construct line L through p, q; r is on L as well, by the sixth and second
betweenness rules.
•
on(p, γ ) or ¬on(p, γ ): This is immediate from the diagram-segment transfer
axioms.
•
xy = zw or xy ̸= zw: Similarly easy.
•
xy < zw: In this case we need to show that the literal is interderivable with
∃a, L.on(z, L), on(a, L), on(w, L), a ̸= w, z ̸= w,
¬between(a, z, w), ¬between(z, w, a), xy = za.
Suppose the latter. In case z ̸= a, it follows that between(z, a, w) (betweenness
Rule 6). Then za + aw = zw (diagram-segment Rule 1). As a ̸= w, aw > 0 (ﬁrst
metric inference). By our linear arithmetic, then, zw > xy as desired. In the case
z = a, we have xy = za = 0 and zw = aw. As a ̸= w, aw > 0, so again we have
zw > xy.
Conversely, suppose xy < zw. So zw > 0, hence z ̸= w. Construct line L through
z and w. In case x = y, then z itself will be our a. In case x ̸= y, apply Proposition
I.2 to get a b such that xy = zb. Draw circle β through b centered at z. As z is
inside β and on L, we know that β and line L intersect. Since zb = xy < zw, we
know that w lies outside β. Thus we may take the intersection point a of β and L
such that between(z, a, w) (by the fourth intersection construction rule). This is the
a we need.
•
xy ̸< zw: Similar to the previous.
□
LEMMA 5.8. If ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )) is provable in E, then so is  ⇒∃⃗x. .
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
757
Proof. Let ˆ and ˆ be the sets of formulas described at the beginning of Section 5.3.
Using our abuses of notation, our supposition is that E proves
ρ(π()) ⇒∃⃗z. ρ(π()).
Repeated application of clause (1) of Lemma 5.7 shows that E proves
, ˆ ⇒∃⃗u. ρ(π()),
where ⃗u are the new variables picked up in the translation. Using theorem application, E
proves
, ˆ ⇒∃⃗z, ⃗u. ρ(π()).
The last part of Lemma 5.7 shows that E proves
, ˆ ⇒∃⃗z, ⃗u, ⃗v. ˆ, ρ(π()),
where ⃗v are the line and circle variables among ⃗x, lost in the translation back and forth,
and now restored. Clause (2) of Lemma 5.7 then shows that E proves
, ˆ ⇒∃⃗z, ⃗u, ⃗v. ˆ, .
Since the all the variables ⃗x are among ⃗z, ⃗u, ⃗v, the sequent
, ˆ ⇒∃⃗x. 
is subsumed by the previous one. Since E can also prove  ⇒∃⃗c . ˆ for the new point
variables that occur in ˆ, it can prove
 ⇒∃⃗x. ,
as required.
□
Putting everything together, we have the proof of the completeness theorem.
Proof of Theorem 5.1.
Suppose that  ⇒∃⃗x.  is valid for ruler-and-compass
constructions. By Lemma 5.5, π( ⇒∃⃗x. ) is a valid sequent in the language
of T. By Lemma 5.4, there is a cut-free proof of that sequent in T. By Lemma 5.6,
ρ(π( ⇒∃⃗x. )) is provable in E. By Lemma 5.8,  ⇒∃⃗x.  is provable in E, as
required.
□
§6. Implementation.
In Section 3.8, we argued that the set of one-step inferences
in E is decidable, as one would expect from any formal system. But given the fact that
we are trying to model the inferential structure of the Elements, there is the implicit
claim that verifying such inferences is within our cognitive capabilities, at least at the
scale of complexity found in the proofs in the Elements. “Cognitively feasible” does
not always line up with “computationally feasible,” and it is often quite challenging
to get computers to emulate common visual tasks. But, of course, our case would
be strengthened if we could show that our inferences are computationally feasible as
well.
In fact, our analysis should make it possible to design a computational proof checker
based on E that takes, as input, proofs that look like the ones in the Elements, and ver-
iﬁes their correctness against the rules of the system. In this section, we describe some
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
758
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
preliminary studies that suggest that general purpose tools in automated reasoning are
sufﬁcient for the task.14
In Section 3.8, we noted that any fact obtained by a direct diagram inference is contained
in the set of ﬁrst-order consequences of the set of our universal axioms and the set of literals
constituting the diagram. Furthermore, there are no function symbols in the language.
These types of problems are fairly easy for off-the-shelf theorem provers for ﬁrst-order
logic. We entered our betweenness, same-side, and Pasch axioms in the standard TPTP
format (“Thousands of Problems for Theorem Provers,”), described a simple diagram
with ﬁve lines and six points, and checked a number of consequences with the systems E
(Schulz, 2002) (no relation to our “E”) and Spass (Weidenbach, 2007). The consequences
were veriﬁed instantaneously.
There is also a class of systems called “satisﬁability modulo theories” solvers, or SMT
solvers for short, which combine decision procedures for provability of universal sen-
tences modulo the combination of disjoint theories whose universal fragments are decid-
able (Manna & Zarba, 2003). Such systems typically include very fast decision procedures
for linear arithmetic (i.e., the linear theory of the reals). This is particularly helpful to us,
since our metric inferences are of this sort. Unfortunately, SMT solvers do not provide
complete decision procedures for the set of consequences of arbitrary universal axioms,
which is what is needed to verify our diagrammatic and transfer inferences. Nonetheless,
some solvers, like Z3 (de Moura & Bjørner, 2008) and CVC3 (Barrett & Tinelli, 2007)
provide heuristic instantiation of quantiﬁers. The advantage to using such systems is that
they can handle not just the diagrammatic inferences, but the metric and transfer inferences
as well. We entered all our axioms in the standard SMT format, and tested it with the two
systems just mentioned. The results were promising; most inferences were instantaneous,
and only a few required more than a few seconds. The diagram, axioms, and test queries
can be found online, at Avigad’s home page.
The fact that SMT solvers can handle arbitrary quantiﬁer-free logic, and the fact that one
can incrementally add and retract statements from the database of asserted facts, suggests
that SMT solvers can provide a complete back end to a proof checker for E. The proof
checker then need only parse an input proof, assert the relevant facts to the SMT solver,
and check the claimed consequences. More speciﬁcally, when the user asserts a theorem,
the proof checker should declare the new objects (points, lines, and circles) to the SMT
solver, assert the assumptions to the SMT solver, and store the conclusion. When the
user enters a construction rule, the proof checker should check that the prerequisites are
consequences of the facts already asserted to the SMT solver, create the new objects, and
assert their properties. Applying a previously proved theorem is handled in a similar way.
When a user enters “hence A,” the proof checker should check that A is a consequence
of the facts already asserted to the SMT solver, and, if so, assert it explicitly to the SMT
database, to facilitate subsequent inferences. To handle suppositional reasoning (i.e., proof
by contradiction, or a branch of a case split), the proof checker should “push” the state of
14 As part of his MS thesis work at Carnegie Mellon, Benjamin Northrop has written code in Java
that carries out diagrammatic inferences using an eager saturation method: whenever a new object
is added to the diagram, the system closes the diagram under rules and derives all the atomic
and negation atomic consequences. The system works on small examples, but gets bogged down
with diagrams of moderate complexity. But this does not rule out the fact that more sophisticated
representations of the diagrammatic data might render such an approach viable. See the discussion
later in this section.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
759
the SMT database and temporarily assert the local hypothesis, and then, once the desired
conclusion is veriﬁed, “pop” the state and assert the resulting conditional. Finally, when
the user enters “Q.E.D.” or “Q.E.F.”, the proof checker need only check that the negation of
the theorem’s conclusion is inconsistent with the facts that have been asserted to the SMT
solver.
Finally, we note that there has been recent work unifying resolution and SMT frame-
works, for example, with the Spass+T system (Prevosto & Waldmann, 2006). Such a
system should be well suited to verifying the inferences of E.
Our explorations are only preliminary, and more experimentation is needed to support
the claim that ordinary Euclidean inferences can be checked efﬁciently. Moreover, perfor-
mance can be sensitive to the choice of language and the formulation of the axioms. For
example, we were surprised to ﬁnd that performance was reduced when we replaced our
strict “between” predicate with a nonstrict one (presumably because many additional facts,
like between(a, a, b), were generated). Thus the data which we report are only suggestive.
We emphasize that the point of these explorations is to show that it should be possible
to verify, automatically, proof texts which closely approximate the proofs in the Elements.
From the point of fully automated geometric reasoning, our methods are fairly simplistic.
There are currently at least four approaches to proving geometric theorems automatically.
The ﬁrst is to translate the theorem to the language of real closed ﬁelds and use decision
procedures, based on cylindrical algebraic decomposition (Collins, 1975), for the latter;
but, in practice, this is too slow even for very simple geometric theorems. A second method,
known as Wu’s (1994) method, similarly translates geometric statements into algebraic
problems and uses computational algebraic techniques. The method is stunningly success-
ful at verifying many difﬁcult geometric theorems, but it cannot handle the order relation
between magnitudes, or the “between” predicate for points on a line; and so it is inadequate
for much of the Elements. It is also limited to statements that can be translated to universal
formulas in the language of ﬁelds. A third method, known as the area method (Chou et
al., 1994), has similar features. Finally, there are so-called “synthetic methods,” which use
heuristic proof search from geometric axioms. Our methods fall under this heading, but
are not very advanced. One would expect to do better with intelligent heuristics and more
efﬁcient representations of diagrammatic information, along the lines described by Chou
et al. (1994). (See also Chou & Gao, 2001 for an overview of the various methods.)
In other words, our work does not constitute a great advance in automated geometric the-
orem proving, even for the kinds of theorems one ﬁnd in the Elements. Our methods show
how to verify the smaller, diagrammatic inferences in Euclid’s proofs, given the higher
level structure, and, most importantly, the requisite construction. It is an entirely different
question as to how a system might be able to ﬁnd such a construction automatically. We
have not addressed this question at all.
We do hope, however, that our analysis of the way that Euclidean reasoning combines
metric and diagrammatic components can provide some useful insights toward modeling
proof search in structured domains. Rather than model geometry as a ﬁrst-order axiomatic
system, we have taken advantage of speciﬁc features of the domain that reduce the search
space dramatically. Particularly notable is the way that we understand Euclidean proofs as
building up contexts of data (in our case, “diagrammatic information” and “metric informa-
tion”) that can be handled in domain-speciﬁc ways. In other words, adding objects “to the
diagram” and inferring metric consequences amount to adding information to a database
of local knowledge that will be accessed and used in very particular ways. We expect
that such approaches will be fruitful in modeling other types of mathematical reasoning
as well.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
760
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
§7. Conclusions.
We conclude by summarizing what we take our analysis of Eu-
clidean proof to have accomplished, discussing questions and other work related to our
project, and indicating some of the questions and broader issues that our work does not
purport to address.
7.1. Summary of results.
We claim to have a clean analysis of the argumentative
structure of the proofs in Books I to IV of the Elements. We tried to make this claim
more precise in Section 2 by discussing the features of the Elements that we have tried to
model. We have also gone out of our way, in Section 4, to indicate ways in which proofs
in our formal system differ from Euclid’s.
It is important to keep in mind that modeling the “argumentative structure” of the El-
ements is not just a matter of modeling the Euclidean entailment relation in semantic or
deductive terms, or giving an account of geometric validity. Rather, our goal has been to
understand which individual inferences are licensed by Euclidean practice, so that a line-
by-line comparison renders our formal proofs close to Euclid’s. To the extent in which
we have succeeded, this provides a sense in which the proofs in the Elements are more
rigorous than is usually claimed. In particular, we have identiﬁed precise rules that govern
diagrammatic inferences, which are sound relative to modern semantics; and we have
shown that, for the most part, Euclid’s proofs obey these rules. As a result, the proofs
in the Elements now seem to us to be much closer to formal proof texts than almost any
other instance of informal mathematics.
In Section 5, we showed that our formal system is sound and complete for an appropri-
ate semantics of ruler-and-compass constructions. Insofar as our formal system captures
Euclidean practice, this shows that the modern semantics provides an accurate characteri-
zation of the provable Euclidean theorems.
In Section 6, we described some initial but promising attempts to verify the inferences of
E using current automated reasoning technology. Our ﬁndings suggest that it should not be
difﬁcult to develop a formal proof checker for E. This provides further support to our claim
that proofs in the Elements are much closer to formal proofs than is usually acknowledged.
The way proofs in E organize data into metric and diagrammatic components, each of
which is individually more manageable than their union, hints at a strategy that should
have broader application to formal veriﬁcation.
Finally, we emphasize that we have provided a logical analysis, which screens off cog-
nitive, historical, and broader philosophical questions related to diagram use. This is not
to deny the importance of such questions. On the contrary, we feel that by ﬁxing ideas
and clarifying basic notions, the logical analysis can support the study of diagram use and
Euclidean practice. Thus we take our analysis to show how the norms of a mathematical
practice can be analyzed on their own terms, in a way that can support broader inquiry.
We hope that we have also demonstrated that such analysis can be rewarding, providing us
with a better understanding of the mathematics itself.
7.2. Questions and related work.
Our work is situated in a long tradition of axiomatic
studies of geometry, from Hilbert to Tarski and through to the present day. Our emphasis is
novel, in that we have tried to characterize a particular geometric practice and style of ar-
gumentation. In contrast, modern axiomatic studies aim to provide a deeper understanding
of geometry in modern terms, focusing, for example, on the dependence and independence
of axioms and theorems, the results of dropping or modifying various axioms, and the
relationships to other axiomatic systems. We cannot provide an adequate survey of these
topics here, but recommend textbooks by Coxeter (1969) and Hartshorne (2005). (See also
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
761
the article by Tarski & Givant, 1999, which surveys the history of geometric studies by
Tarski and his students.)
Our project does raise some traditional logical questions, however. For example, our
diagrammatic axioms are all universal axioms, and describe a subset of the universal
consequences of Tarski’s axioms for Euclid’s geometry. It would be nice to have a natural
semantic characterization of this set of universal sentences. We know that it is a strict
subset of the set of universal consequences of afﬁne geometry: Hilbert (1899, Chapter V)
showed that Desargues’ theorem, which is a consequence of afﬁne geometry, cannot be
proved in the plane without the axioms of congruence. Also, given that our construction
rules are not independent, it would be nice to have a more principled way of generating
the list, beyond simply running through the Elements and making a list of the ones that
Euclid seems to use. Finally, as we have mentioned, the question as to the decidability
of the ∀∃consequences of Tarski’s axioms, and hence the decidability of E, remains
open.
Read as ﬁrst-order axioms, all the basic rules of E are given by universal formulas,
except for the construction rules, which have ∀∃form. If we introduce Skolem functions
for these axioms, Herbrand’s theorem implies that any theorem of E can be witnessed by
an explicit construction involving these functions, together with “if ...then ...else” state-
ments involving atomic conditions. This provides one sense in which Euclidean geometry
is “constructive.” However, conditional expressions are undesirable; from a constructive
perspective, for example, it may be impossible to determine whether a point is actually on
a line or only very close to it. von Plato (1995) provides a strictly constructive version of
afﬁne geometry (see also von Plato, 1998). Beeson (to appear) characterizes the problem
nicely by observing that Euclid’s constructions are not continuous in the input data, and
offers a constructive version of Euclidean geometry.
Our project also gives rise to computational questions. On the theoretical side, there is,
of course, the problem of providing sharp upper and lower bounds on the complexity of
recognizing the various types of inference that, according to E, Euclid sanctions as imme-
diate. The challenge of obtaining practical implementations should give rise to interesting
problems and solutions as well.
The implementation of a proof checker for E could be used to help teach Euclidean
geometry, and Euclidean methods of proof. There are a number of graphical software
packages in existence that support geometric exploration and reasoning, of which the best
known are perhaps the Geometer’s Sketchpad (Key Curriculum Press, 2002), Cabri (Wil-
gus, 1998), and Cinderella (Gebert & Kortenkap, 1999). These systems do not, however,
focus on teaching geometric proof. Others have explored the use of graphical front ends to
conventional proof assistants, supported by specialized decision procedures for geometry.
As we were completing a draft of this paper, we came across Narboux (2007), which not
only provides a thorough survey of such work, but also describes an impressive effort,
Geoproof, along these lines. Even though Geoproof is not based on an explicit analysis of
Euclidean proof, it is interesting to note that its primitives and construction rules bear a
striking similarity to ours.
7.3. Broader issues.
In the end, what is perhaps least satisfying about our analysis
is that we do not go beyond the logical and computational issues: we provide a detailed
description of the norms governing Euclidean proof without saying anything at all about
how those norms arose, or why they should be followed. We will therefore close with just
a few words about some of the cognitive, historical, and more broadly philosophical issues
that surround our work.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
762
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
On the surface, it might seem that there is a straightforward cognitive explanation as to
why some of Euclid’s diagrammatic inferences are basic to geometric practice, namely, that
these inferences rely on spatial properties that are “hardwired” into our basic perceptual
faculties. In other words, thanks to evolution, we have very good faculties for picking out
edges and surfaces in our environment and inferring spatial relationships; and these are
the kinds of abilities that are needed to support diagrammatic inference. But one should
be wary of overly simplistic explanations of this sort; see the discussion in Avigad (2009).
In particular, one should keep in mind that mature mathematical behavior is only loosely
related to more basic perceptual tasks. For instance, the example discussed in Section 2.3
shows that Euclidean geometric reasoning requires keeping in mind that only some features
present in a diagram are essential to the mathematical context it is supposed to illustrate.
Informal experimentation on some of our nonmathematical friends and family members
shows that the expected response to this exercise is by no means intuitively clear; in other
words, there seems to be a learned mathematical component to the normative behavior. At
the same time, we do not doubt that a better understanding of our cognitive abilities can
help explain why certain geometric inferences are easier than others. It would therefore be
nice to have a better understanding of the cognitive mechanisms that are involved in such
reasoning.
We hope that our analysis can support a reﬁned historical understanding as well.
Historians will cringe at our naive claim to have analyzed “the text of the Elements”;
there is a long and complicated history behind the Elements, and we have focused our
attention on only one translation (Heath’s) of one version of the text (Heiberg’s). We
do expect that, for the most part, our ﬁndings are robust across the various editions. In
fact, some features of the historical record nicely support our claims. Saito (2006) has
compared the diagrams in a number of editions of the Elements, and has noted that earlier
versions exhibit some striking differences from the modern ones. For example, earlier
diagrams are often “overspeciﬁed”: a parallelogram mentioned in the statement of a
theorem may be depicted by a rectangle, or even a square. This sits well with our claim
that angle and metric information is never inferred from the diagram; the fact that the
metric information in the diagrams is so blatantly misleading can be viewed as a subtle
reminder to the reader that it should not be relied upon.15 On the other hand, if it turns
out that there are ways in which our analysis does not hold up well across historical
developments, we expect that our work can help clarify the nature of the historical
changes.
Moreover, we hope our analysis can help support a better historical understanding of
the evolution of geometric reasoning, and the relationship between different geometric
practices. There have been rich historical analyses of the problems and methods found in
the ancient geometric tradition (Knorr, 1985; Netz, 1999), as well as, say, the transition
to the analytic tradition of Descartes (Bos, 2001). Ken Manders has remarked to us that
diagrams are used in fundamentally different ways in nineteenth century projective geom-
etry texts; as the diagrams get more complicated, more of the burden of keeping track of
the information they represent is shifted to the text. We expect that the type of analysis we
carry out here can complement the historical study, and sharpen our understanding of the
mathematical developments.
Finally, there is hope that the rules of Euclidean proof can be “explained” or “justiﬁed”
not by cognitive or historical data, but, rather, by broader epistemological considerations.
15 We are grateful to Anthony Jones and Karine Chemla for this observation.
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
A FORMAL SYSTEM FOR EUCLID’S ELEMENTS
763
For example, Panza (preprint) takes Euclidean practice to inform a metaphysical account
of the nature of geometric objects; Giaquinto (2007) takes cognitive data to support epis-
temological conclusions regarding the role of visualization in mathematics (but see the
critique in Avigad, 2009); and Tappenden (2005) explores ways of treating visualization as
an “objective” feature of mathematics, rather than merely a cognitive device. It is possible
that a suitably abstract characterization of our cognitive abilities or the spatial situations
the practice tries to model can provide an informative sense in which our fundamental
inferences are the “right” ones for the task.
Kant famously took the fundamental principles of geometry to provide synthetic knowl-
edge, grounded by our a priori intuition of space:
Take the proposition that with two straight lines no space at all can be
enclosed, thus no ﬁgure is possible, and try to derive it from the concept
of straight lines and the number two; or take the proposition that a ﬁgure
is possible with three straight lines, and in the same way try to derive it
from these concepts. All of your effort is in vain, and you see yourself
forced to take refuge in intuition, as indeed geometry always does. You
thus give yourself an object in intuition; but what kind is this, is it a
pure a priori intuition or an empirical one? If it were the latter, then
no universally valid, let alone apodictic proposition could ever come
from it: for experience can never provide anything of this sort. You must
therefore give your object a priori in intuition, and ground your synthetic
proposition on this. (Kant, 1998, A47–A48/B64–B65).
Indeed, his discussion of Euclid’s Proposition I.32 in the Transcendental Doctrine of
Method (Kant, 1998, A712–A725/B740–753) provides an illuminating account of how he
takes such synthetic reasoning to work. Kant’s views on geometry have been studied in
depth; see, for example, Friedman (1985); Shabel (2003, 2004, 2006). Lisa Shabel writes:
[The] Kantian account of informal but contentful axioms of Euclidean
geometry stemming directly from an a priori representation of space is
itself consistent with Euclidean practice: neither Euclid’s elements nor
its eighteenth-century analogs offer formal axioms but rather deﬁnitions
and postulates which, if taken seriously, provide a mereotopological de-
scription of the relations among the parts of the euclidean plane. The
content of these relations is ... precisely what Kant alleges is accessible
to us in pure intuition, prior to geometric demonstration. (Shabel, 2004,
p. 213)
This provides us with a convenient way of framing our project: we have provided a
logical description of the mereotopological relations that are implicit in Euclid’s deﬁnitions
and postulates, without feigning hypotheses as to their origins. As Shabel’s remarks suggest
(see also Shabel, 2004, Footnote 4 and Shabel, 2003), it would be interesting if one could
describe a more fundamental account of spatial intuition that can serve to justify or explain
the rules of our system. Stewart Shapiro has suggested to us that it would also be interesting
to explain what distinguishes Euclid’s axioms and postulates from everything he does
not say, that is, the assumptions and rules of inference that we take to be implicit in the
Elements.
In Section 1, we noted that philosophers have historically been concerned with the
problem of how the particular diagrams in the Elements can warrant general conclusions.
In particular, a central goal of Kant’s (1998, A712–A725/B740–753) account is to explain
available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/S1755020309990098
Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. Carnegie Mellon University, on 02 Feb 2018 at 21:20:30, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use,

---PAGE BREAK---
764
JEREMY AVIGAD ET AL.
how singular objects given in intuition can provide general knowledge. Jeremy Heis has
pointed out to us that a curious feature of our account of Euclidean geometry is that the
role of the singular—that is, the particular diagram—drops out of the story entirely; we
focus only on the diagrammatic features that are generally valid in a given context, and say
nothing about a particular instantiation.
There is a fairly mundane, if partial, explanation of the role that concrete diagrams play
in geometric practice. Although not every feature found in a particular diagram will be
generally valid, the converse is more or less true: any generally valid consequence of the
diagrammatic hypotheses will be present in a sufﬁciently well-drawn diagram. A particular
diagram can therefore serve as a heuristic guide, suggesting candidates for diagrammatic
consequences that are, perhaps, conﬁrmed by other forms of reasoning. Mumma’s orig-
inal system, Eu, is more faithful to this understanding of diagram use; for example, the
prover can label a point of intersection in a particular diagram associated with a proof,
independent of the mechanisms that are invoked to justify the fact that the intersection
is present in general. Some systems of automated reasoning rely on crude procedures to
search for possible proof candidates, and then employ other methods to check and ﬁll
in the details (see, e.g., Meng & Paulson, 2008; Veroff, 2001). It therefore seems to us
worth noting that diagram use in mathematics raises two separate issues: ﬁrst, how (or
whether) alternative, nonpropositional representations of mathematical data can be used to
facilitate or justify inferences; and, second, how overspeciﬁc or imperfect representations
can be used to support the reasoning process. Leitgeb (to appear) begins to address the ﬁrst
issue.
As the vast literature on the Elements indicates, Euclidean geometry has been a lively
source of questions for scholars of all persuasions for more than two millennia. We only
hope that the understanding of Euclidean proof we present here will prove useful in fur-
thering such inquiry.
